/wt/ watch thread:This thread is about the appreciation of watches, as well as the micro-engineering and materials engineering that is required to make a fine watch.Required viewing for newbies:thread:
First for the egg
second for appreciate my ass furball lol xD omg #rekt
Third for vintage Lemania 5100 powered chronographs.
, 
REMEMBER:For those of you contemplating future careers, school, etc. that Computer Science, Programming, and related fields are not the only choice. Check out the Networking Systems programs at your local community college. In 2 years 1 and a half if you go to summer semester you can get what is essentially a trade, a valuable life skill, an Associates Degree and the ability to transfer to a 4 year college seamlessly in almost all cases with direct-connect programs. Yes I am being a bit of an un-paid shill I suppose but really, consider it. Especially for older folks maybe looking for a career change; or high-school kids that don't have the finest grades but love technology, etc. Here are some example curricula:I don't go to Valencia, it just is a good layout to show examples of coursesAs you can see there are different paths, some of which literally end in capstone projects centred around collegiate CTF competitions for those interested in hacking/pen-testing. Obviously some folks on /g/ will talk shit about this idea of course, but that goes without saying. Also yes of course you can teach yourself a lot of this on your own, but that goes with almost everything. This is for people that are considering school and want a degree or two.
i have CCNA done and shit and am in elec engineering at uni, the hell do i do after ccna? networking seems a lot more fun than el. engi, but wat do
Oh god, please spread this! The number of useless programmers out there who only ever went for CS because they "want to do something with computers" is maddening. As an actually good programmer, the seas of morons have turned getting a job from a phone call and an interview into a multi-month long shitfest.If you like computers, go into IT. Don't waste your time and money failing at software engineering.
What sort of stuff do you want to do? CCNA type stuff, or do you have other interests?For example I am interested in penetration testing but of course that is a niche that is hard to break into so my current path is:CCNA and work as a network admin or something similar while I continue my independent studies and training, and then OSCP in my opinion one of the only certification worth caring about if you aren't an HR representative. But, we all understand we have to 'play the game' with certs to get our foot in the door most of the time. Of course there are much more knowledgeable people on this board then me when it comes to answering your question; but I think it's important to know what your goals are so you can go down the right path to get there. But, Elec. Engineering sure sounds neat to me. Having an Elec. Engineering degree and CCNA will make finding jobs not very difficult I imagine?
Fucking this. I thought I had to be some fizzbuzzin math faggot to do 'pooters. Much happier in infosec. Scripting is a fun thing for me to learn, pure coding not so much.
telling people to become an IT slave because it's better than being a code monkey what a meme
i'd like to do anything with networking to be honest, no matter what it is, i think i'd like it.i don't really have any goals, that died a while ago, so i'm going with the next best thing. which is... either networking or elec engineering.i'm told so, but i'm not very optimistic about it. don't really know for sure, but it's not looking too good out there, engineering or not.
I don't think I said anything was 'better' then anything else.
Yes please, it's hard as hell to hire sysadmins who aren't pants on head retarded.There's a surprisingly high number of CS grads who are competent in Java and literally nothing else- no other languages, no OS/networking stuff of any sort that's not dealt with exclusively through Java abstraction. It's really depressing.
Can you get a job with just an associates or do you have to transfer to get anywhere?I already have a bachelors and I don't want to spend another 4 years in school.
Studying this in a community college and I'm aiming to join a university in the coming fall. They might even let me skip first year XD
IT is misery minus the few niche positions that are filled with experts that have amassed a professional reputation going far beyond shitty certs protip: that's not you, the community college dropout with some Cisco router monkey certs It's more saturated with cheap labor than CS currently is.The IT workforce is treated as dispensable because minus those few specialized well paying positions there's always a line out the door of cert monkeys
in infosec/IT/Networking you can get a job with NO degree if you are skilled enough, and can show that. Sometimes certs are the way to show you have the skills to the HR people so you can get your foot in the door. But there are literally websites set up in the fashion of CTF competitions that are used to recruit skilled hackers for infosec. For example:    people go to, for example, Defcon to hire people that exhibit there skills. I mean look at this for example:The freaking NSA has an entire section of their website dedicated to explaining they GO TO DEFCON to looking to hire people and that IT IS OKAY if they have committed crime sin the past
Can you get a job with just an associatesYes, if you have niche skills that go beyond CCNA/etc garbage that loads of idiots have. For example, if someone came to me and demonstrated advanced competency in BSD system administration and had no major problems, I'd do my best to have them hired on the spot.
ITT stupid questions
My PSU's making a lot of noise, around 60 dB at idling. What do? Its like 11 years old
is it possible to get a free copy of iOS to run on a vm?
You get the iphone emulator when you download xcode. The emulator is running ios.  What else do you need?
xcodedoes it run on loonix?
How do you plug in RCA A/V cables that are just White/Red?They are marked as White being for video and Red being for audio.Is there a connector I need to purchase to convert to to Yellow/White/Red output?
nope.
To follow up on the nope.  What is it you want to do?  Cos if you're going to be writing ios apps you will need a mac at  some point.
zis there any way I can password protect rar files???

Yeah, why is Mega taking 20 minutes to download a 9.7 megabyte file where as I can do that instantly with literally everything else? I'm pissed. I'm trying to download their fucking megasync shit so I can download an English ISO of FF Type-0 on PSP, but the fact that it's taking 20 minutes to download a goddamn 9.7 MB file is pissing me the fuck off.
 i just want to debug a website that is not functioning right on iOS
he wants to create a signal out of thin airI um... ahh... well....Is that an actual picture of the cable you have? Take pictures of the ports on the two devices you are you trying to connect. Also use jpg for photos, there's no reason that photo needs to be 2.54 MB. Png is better suited as a gif replacement for low-palette stuff.
I see.  In that case it might be possible to get one of your browsers to pretend to be mobile safari.  Look into how to set your browsers User Agent property.  This might be enuf to show the bug. Maybe.
use 7 zip you proprietary nigger
Forgot to clarify. I'm using an older camera that has A/V outputs of White/Red only.That's not my picture as I don't have any of those cables at the moment.
Any kind of solution to run 4chanx on safari os x? i  didn't like JS Blocker and tamper monkey just resets the configuration
How come my browser downloads are slow, but downloading games to steam is still pretty fast at 15 MB/s?
So I'm looking at a gaming monitor. I WOULD like to get G-Sync, 144Mhz, and a less than 2ms response time and all that, but I also want 1440p. However that raises the price of monitors pretty significantly. Should I sacrifice 1440p for the features I want?
What is the next facebook,instagram,twitch,deviantart?
free No. It's proprietary software.
Either it's full of dust, and gets hot enough to spin the fan up to full speed, or the fan bearing is shot. If there's any grindy or rattling noises it's the latter. Do the following in this order until the problem is fixed:blow out the innards with a bottle of canned air. While the computer's off. Hold the fan blades still while doing this.if you suspect the fan, unplug the PSU, take it out, open it up, remove the fan. Under the sticker is the bearing well, possibly underneath a rubber plug. Put one drop of mineral oil do not use vegetable oil or WD-40 in it. Reassemble everything.Buy a new PSU.
Is there an easy way to bypass password protected rar/zip files?
I've got a Claw grip, and after sorting through them, found ones that were affordable.Which one should i get? anyone use any of these?
Both have used AES for over a decade. If whoever made the archive used a password longer than, oh, seven characters or so, you're hosed.
Is there anyway, such as rooting, that I can do to get more use out of a windows phone? The windows store is utter garbage.
yeah i meant as in through torrents or something
Anyone?
Different servers, different loads, different routes thru the network to your machine etc
Are you using an ad blocker? Ads these days use "real time bidding" where various ad slots delay loading for a short period of time to let advertisers bid on how much they'll pay to put an ad there. Is your DNS server shitty? A DNS server that takes a long time to respond will affect webpage name resolution, but not sustained download throughput, where all the transfers are to one server.
there was a windows 10 mobile build that allowed you to sideload android apps, Microsoft patched it though in later windows 10 mobile patchesbesides learning C# for windows phone, nothing other than getting that build
I have no idea if my DNS server is shitty, not sure how to check that. Anyways, yes, I use an adblocker, I use Ublock origin, I use Firefox as my main browser, problem is, I've tried downloading the same stuff with Chrone which has no addons on it, and the download speed in the browser is still extremely slow.
I have no idea if my DNS server is shitty, not sure how to check that.Look up a guide on changing your servers it's not hard, and try a few. Google runs well known ones yep, they're botnet at 8.8.8.8 and 8.8.4.4, and there are plenty of OpenNIC servers a more privacy-respecting choice for long term use to use. The default setting is to just use whatever the ISP sets, which is probably their own DNS server. note that the symptoms of bad DNS will cause browsing to be slow since thats where name lookups happen, but if you download a file, that will run much more quickly, since it's a connection to a single server with no name resolution.
how to root verizon galaxy note 4? should be arriving in the mail tomorrow. it's probably on the stock android, 4.4.2 or 4.4.4 i think?
Can I run a FX 6300 and a ASUS GTX 750 TI OC on a 400W PSU 300W/25A single rail 12vIm just wondering because the card has a 6pin and I dunno how much that adds to the power consumption
Whats the best cheap, under $100 SSD around today? I bought a 840 EVO 120gb a while ago for around $100, but i noticed the price dropped to around $60. Is it still a good choice?
I think you gotta use odin or something. Fucking google it.
Also, while I'm here, whenever I install a downloaded APK, it gives me a warning about asking to collect information or something.. What is this, how to disable, and is it botnet?
T-Mobile or MetroPCS? I have a Moto G 2014 fyi. Thank you anyone.
Yes
How come I can't download Mega for Firefox? I'm getting this when I try to download it
"Allow google to regularly check device activity for security problems, and prevent or warn about potential harm.Learn more in the google settings app"T-Mobile. Get that $30 plan for 5gb/unlimited data, 100mins talk, unlimited messgaing.install gentoo
I'm having difficulty grasping C++ and I think it's because I don't /think/ the way a programmer should as I come from a more visual arts background. Are there any books you guys can recommend that can steer me in a better direction?
Learn c first.  Uee the k&r book and do the exercises at the end of each chapter.If its oo you dont get, read Object-Oriented Analysis and Design with Applications by Grady Booch, the first 5 or 6 chapters give a decent grounding in oo.
The trick to it is easy to describe, but for a lot of people it's hard to actually do.That is, you have to remember at all times that the computer does what you tell it to, and nothing more. It doesn't know or care what you wanted or meant, all it cares is what you typed, which it interprets very literally, the same way, every time. You have to accept that when something doesn't work properly, the computer didn't mess up - you did. The computer did exactly what you told it to. You just didn't tell it what you thought you did. You have to think very algorithmically, and think of how to give detailed instructions to accomplish what you want.It's a hard mindset for some people to get into, but once you do, you'll have a much easier time of things.
If this is in fact your problem, then you definitely should not be starting with c++.
this shit is really hard to explain, but think about what problem you want to solve, and how you can break up said problem into smaller problemsdo this until you have small enough problems that you can easily think up some code that does what you need
What is obamas last name?
bin laden
What neat stuff can I do if I root my Moto G?
I learned a minimal amount of C as a prereq, and I think I threw myself into the deep end when I took this class. I think it's a lot of topics exclusive to OOP and C++. I was doing fine up until recently where I'm trying to teach myself strings, vectors, inheritance, references, dynamic arrays, and pointers to try to ease the difficulty of the textbook I'm reading, and it's still hard for me to grasp. It might be the case where I'm being explained how these tools work, but because I don't know what these tools are for exactly, and so it just sounds like a bunch of gibberish to me.I'll check out both books, though. I think I should have taken an on-site class with labs and grad students babying me rather than an online class, but I don't know if I would have just as much difficulty learning the language. I know it's a difficult language to get, but I've seen most people teach it to themselves, do they not?This isn't so much my problem I don't think
You can install an adblock
Skimming this PDF right now, and this book looks like exactly what I needed, thank you
Thats the 850 EVO. Is there a difference?
Are:-G-Sync-1440p-144Mhz worth it in a monitor?
For gaming?YES.
What tradeoffs would you make? Like would you sacrifice 144Mhz for G-Sync and 1440p etc?
Depends on your goal and current setup.What is ur current GPU & games you play?
GTX 980 Ti.-Competitive games I play:-Street Fighter-League of Legends-Rocket League-Unreal Tournament-CS:GO-Wargame: Red Dragon
how can i switch the current entity a manager bean is managing, to an entity thats in a database?
Ok I would give importance:1. 144hz2. 1440p3. G-SYNCG-SYNC is great but its only really doing anything if you're at sub 80 FPS
But I can't stand screen-tearing but I want to avoid the input lag of V-sync.
You disable V-sync on a 144Hz monitor.I've always enabled G-SYNC on my rog swift but I think screen tearing on 144fps/144hz is minimal.
So I got a pretty decent Samsung business laptop for free.First thing I did was reinstalled OS on it.Now only after I did everything I realized that I know nothing of UEFI and legacy/CSM boot modes and now I'm forced to boot in CSM mode, because if I use UEFI, it freezes my HDD for security reasons.I did some googling, but it all talks about it from the OS installation process mentioning that you have to boot/install from FAT32 usb, not NTSF which is what I did.Question, can I unfuck this and set the laptop to succesfully boot in UEFI mode and not freeze my HDD without reinstalling it all over again?
Which internal capture cards are good? My CPU is dogshit for recording and streaming, and the game I want to record has trouble with OBS anyway.
street fighterLoLRocket LeagueCSGOAll these games are average-graphics, super high-FPS capable.Get 144hz, hands down.I have one and CSGO and I'ts been an eye opener for it since I bought it.
Won't I experience screen-tearing on more demanding games though, like UE4 games and GTAV? Especially at the higher resolutions?
Recently popped my linux cherry with Linux Mint Rafaela 17.2Anything I should know to make my experience better? I'm having trouble getting used to the file system.
sfSFIV is garbage and basically a sequel to the horrible EX.  Play old ones and you don't need good graphics.LoLMOBAs are literally cancer.Rocket LeagueShitty car football garbage.UTUT99 is best UT and you don't need a good graphics card for it.CSGOCS is a murder simulator that advocates real world violence.Wargame: Red DragonThe fuck is this shit
I have GTX760 and ASUS VG248QE and I've never EVER experienced screen tearing on any game, from framerates to 14 to 250.
you must be real fun at parties
CSGOCS is a murder simulator that advocates real world violence.
Can someone give me a nontrivial example of where they've use a curiously recursive template definition in real code? I understand the concept, but I fail to see an occasion where reconsidering what I'm trying to achieve hasn't resulted in a better outcome. The trivial example of a counter makes perfect sense though, anything larger seems doomed to be overly complex.
do you have a decently modern nvidia card? they can be used to record/stream as well.
I am, because I play real games, not nugamer trash.It does.  Any game that realistically or at least semi-realistically depicts violence is garbage.  Violent games need to be firmly based in fantasy to be good.
I only play real games for hardcore gamers like myselfhang yourself
Streaming with GPU encoders isn't great since it requires at least 25% higher bitrate for the same quality CPU encoding.
thanks that was helpful. it's not reproducing one bug related to transforms though
Where can i find someone to collaborate with on beginner/intermediate level projects?
I just rooted my phone. What are some fun things I can do with it now that it's rooted?
adaway
What's the difference between having low DPI and high DPI with lower sensitivity?
How to make 4chan change themes automatically based on the time of the day like f.lux? For example Yotsuba during the day and Tomorrow during the night.
So the higher refresh rate mitigates screen tearing?
I guess High DPI = more accurate, but I don't notice it.
Yes
What's the root password for the vms on vulnhub? Spydersec one in particular. Running virtualbox. Thanks!
Best gaming  laptop I know, its not for me though under 800€?
What's a good youtube audio downloader addon for Firefox?
The difference is minimal but lower DPI with higher software sens leads to slightly less miscalculations by the sensor
I currently have a R9 285 2 GB, bought it an year ago.Does it make sense upgrading now to a gtx 970/R9 390 or I should wait for the next generation of graphic cards? I feel like 2 GB of VRAM are not really future-proof.
youtube-dl
wait for next gen
How does a Phenom II x4 965 BE compare to a second gen i5 or i7?
Server-side Scripting===============What is an good language for server-side scripting that:1. Gets easily installed on Ubuntu 14.042. Easy to learn
where do you go to see if a graphics cards is good or not?I need to get myself a new one and I have 2 in mind : VGA Asus nVidia GT620-DCSL-2GD3 and VGA Asus R7240-2GD3 2GB DDR3.They're gonna go on this AS ROCK M3A770DE.Yes I am a poorfag.I had a AMD Radeon 6600 HD but my computer keeps freezing.Are they compatible?Are they good? Please help me.
which 6600 do you have now?both are beyond terrible.
currenctly i have a. AMD Radeon 6670 HD.Can you please help me? I really want to get this shit over with.
PHP
your current card is about 3 times faster than the others.if it's still under warranty replace it, if not check how much it would cost to repair it.what's your budget and what do you want to do on the computer?forget playing videogames with the two you mentioned.
Think of a budget and check which card is on top on some comparison site with said budget in the filter.
Does dual booting affect performance?
Thank you.
no
I don't know why it would. No memory/CPU/VRAM are used when you boot up one of your OS.
the card itself has had bad reviews stating that it freezes the computer. Nothing on it is different from when I bought it nothing melted or cracked.Nothing happened for the first year I've had it but then it kept freezing my computer in waves through the year every 1-2 months or so for a week.I want to play League of Legends and some low end games on this PCno Fallout or GTA5.Can you name some trustworthy sites so I can check? My budget is 80$ tops
Hey /g/ how did you learn the Java libraries. Any good books, articles or PDF's?
I always want to make something and just search everytime I need to know something, usually there's already a post on Stackoverflow.For me books and don't stick because it's irrelevant to what I need at the specific time. There are enough tutorials online to learn the basics.
get the asus rog swift 1440p 165hz g-sync IPS screen. best gaming screen on the market, no compromises.
yes, 1080p is fine for gaming
7zip
not enough for anything, save up more.
How do I change the console colors, transparency, and font in urxvt console in arch Linux? I used arch wiki to set up an x resources file but a snippet of code I was told to put into my xinitrc prevented me from starting x.  Additionally,  the xdefaults and /. Config/openbox/autostart files I was told to create myself in my home directory don't do anything. At first my console background changed from white to black but it hasn't changed since. And while I'm here,  bash completion isn't offering any completion suggestions using urxvt. Any reason why? I would test it myself but I'm at work just trying to know what I'm gonna be doing when I get home.
Looks like I'm getting a new pc with preinstalled Win 10. Is the info on the wiki updated, or there's something else I should know?
My galaxy s3 screen finally broke.What is a cheap and effective QWERTY smartphone? I am not looking for top specs, s3 level or better would be acceptable.I just hate touchkeyboards and bluetooth ones were all shit.
for what should I save up?
When you're going to be AFK for many hours, what's better for the health of PC components? Shutting down, putting it to sleep or leaving it on?
leaving it on
PSU guy againSo I have another PSU lying around but it doesn't work, however I am fairly certain I can salvage the still working fan and Jerry rig it to the current PSU.Now the problem is, the current PSU fan is rated for 12V 0.18A and the replacement is rated for 12V 0.25A
All I'm asking is if it's safe for me to replace the 0.18A fan with 0.25A fan ?
Does there exist a good calendar program for windows? Something lightweight with a simple interface where you can click a day to add a note.
why is it called android terminal EMULATOR ? I used one and it seems like it's an actual terminal, with wget and vi and ifconfig and all, why is it called an emulator then?
750ti
is a real terminal, hardwareEvery other thing we commonly call "terminals" or console are just terminal emulators software
Does RAM speed actually affect much in general use?Also, how long of a torture test should be a reasonable minimum to determine an overclock is relatively stable?  I don't really give a shit if it bluescreens once every few months as long as it doesn't come up in normal use.
what's the basis?
I have 1600 speed ram but in speccy it is shown as running at 800, why is that
I need some free Windows antimalware with real-time protection to ensure that some users won't catch a nasty crap from buy viagra emails. Any recommendations? Are AV programs still unable to defend against ransomware?
DDR stands for Double Data Rateyou have the real speed, which I assume is 800mhz, but the effective rate is double that, since DDR has 2 signals per cycle.And programs list whatever they like, sometimes it doesn't say which they're showing
So I installed an ICC profile from tftcentral now the colours look like asshow do I set it back to windows default?thanks
its normal for tools like speccy and cpuz to only show half the ram speedjust multiply by 2 to get actual speed
1ofeach - Don't.....New video
Oh, just to clarify here by "RAM speed" I'm specifically referring to the frequency.In a situation where I have to lower my RAM multiplier to get stability for more CPU cycles, or lose the CPU cycles for more RAM frequency, not sure which is better.
Many articles show that it doesn't affect most things you'd do with a computer.It shows in some benchmarks. Mostly compressing things is affected.some recent references for example:bandwidth is very rarely the bottleneck nowadays
Once something is deleted, how long does it last on flash memory? For instance, if a 5 second video was deleted last night, how much of it is likely to be intact through recovery?
Where do you guys get your block lists from for Peer block and the like?
It is there until the controller decides it has to write over it to store something else.If you don't write to it, it's there.Some security oriented drives/disks might overwrite it clean when you delete it though, not sure.
Any bash master race who can help me?There are a bunch of youtube videos that I want to download with youtube-dl ancombin them into one.How do I automate the process?
can you get gay from using iphone? I bought an iphone and feel a slight homolust when using it 2bh
25*12= 300W750ti is 60W even the OC ones with 6pinFX6300 is 95W stock clockedyou're good
1. How do I move the search bar right without moving the button away from it? I tried float but that makes the button go on the other side of the search bar.2. How do I get rid of the Â s?Thanks.
 File: have_a_nice_day_by_slawa-d8k4vuk.jpg 20 KB, 400x536that is awesome :
depends how you positioned it now.try setting the parents text align to center or float the searchbar to the right with the button.save the file as UTF8.
the more often you heat up and cool hardware, the sooner it will break. the metal parts expand and distract, causing damage over time. the ps3 yellow light of death was caused by that, hence the reheat fix method.
avira + common sense. tell these idiots about filetypes and mail attachments. install noscript/umatrix and ublock origin in their browsers. it's almost impossible to catch malware unless you're and uneducated dullard.
text align to right of course, not center. derp.
I know right, sick compression.
because their servers are shit/overloaded/throttlingfreesync  gsync.9gagg400s. logitech quality and flawless sensor.yeah it's good. 850 is newer and probably a bit faster. check specs. samsung is probably the best ssd brand atm and has been for a good while.href="#p51734632" class="quotelink"gone more than 6 hours, turn it offthat number is how many amps it needs to run properly. either it'll just not work or might spin slower.since the stock fan is lower amp that probably means the psu only supplies that many amps so using a higher rated fan wont damage anything.noavg active, malwarebytes scans once in a while
please respondiblocklists now requires subscriptions so I need a new list provider
+
freesync  gsync.no
Hey guys its me again, the PSU guyI replaced the stock fan with higher rated fan and now somehow, the noise is hitting 75 dB. Its louder than before for sure, i dont know whats wrong, but im really on the edge now so im considering sticking a few resistors between the PSU and fan to slow the thing down.My PSU is 250W and the air coming out of the PSU fan is cold air, so i dont think its even working that hard.So should i stick in a few resistors? I get annoyed too quick by these loud background noises, plus 75 dB is a LOT at idle
cheaper than gsynclower latency than gsync
is it the same size as the old fan?is it clean no dirt on blades?is it vibrating against something?what kind of noise is it? grinding, whining, wooshing?
Think I'll just take my chances.
It's the same as size as old fan, sparkling clean, it's not vibrating against anything as far as I can notice and the noise is whooshingWhen the same fan was in the other PSU, it was dead silent, less than 25 dB.
then it's running at full speed for some reason. does it have the same type of connector number of pins as the old one?
The PSU fans were soldered to the PSU board, I ripped out the old one and soldered the new one in the PSU.Yeah I think you could say that, they're operating at full power all the time, seems like this PSU doesn't have variable control for fan
yup. you could try adding some resistors like you said earlier.
I need a laptop mainly for music production and graphic design but i also want to play games on it. It doesnt need to run everything on max but i dont want a piece of shit either and i know thats oxymoron when it comes to laptops. I would have just bought a rMBP but the inner autist child in me will eventually miss playing games, and i want to save some money to build a desktop when i have a permanent home. I know its a meme but ive been looking at gaming laptops because they seem pretty powerful and ive seen the Lenovo Y50-70 which has a 960, i7 and IPS screen but i also read the screen's brightness is really low which is putting me off. Other than that it doesnt look completely ridiculous or big like the rest ive seen. Anyone have any other recommendations for laptops or have any experience with the Lenovo i mentioned?
I guess what I'm asking is if there's a discriminate order to when it decides to write over it.If I want something to stick around for potential recovery, should I just not do anything on that device until I can get it?
How the fuck does kissanime work? They have all anime, if not all anime with both subs and english dub. They have somehow managed to upload all of that to google servers and sorted, without being caught. They also have a cartoon website with western cartoons. All I can work out is that they are downloading anime torrents probably from nyaa.se then encoding them to include the watermark then uploading to google servers. I have no clue how they get it on google servers.
I guess what I'm asking is if there's a discriminate order to when it decides to write over it.noIf I want something to stick around for potential recovery, should I just not do anything on that device until I can get it?correct. dont even have it plugged in.they just upload it and the copyright holders havent sent any DMCA to google yet?
They claim it's fair use in their DMCA Requests page.
 Copyrights and trademarks for the anime, and other promotional materials are held by their respective owners and their use is allowed under the fair use clause of the Copyright Law. What the fuck. So why can't people tv shows and do the same?
Any i5+ of any gen plus any 960m+ Other stuff is bells and whistles and you can choose as you wish
I need some Windows software that can detect the duplicate picture in a huge folder. I only know a couple like VisiPics or Duplicate Photo Finder forks but maybe there are much better alternatives? Can CCleaner detect duplicate images? Or is it just for files? Thank you.
i have a 2 monitor setup with a 27" monitor for gaming and a 24" in portrait mode for browsing etc.will i gain better performance in gaming if i connect the 24" to my motherboard instead of my gpu?
I was shopping around for a motherboard and I noticed that 2 motherboards are similar from the same company but one of them has the letter A in the model name so I was wondering if the A stands for something and is it better than the non A model?
What addons for Palemoon?I'm using ublock origin, HTTPS everywhere doesn't seem to be the right version
asus and msi also have pretty good gaming laptops. like  said minimum i5 and 960m and 4GB ram if you want to game on it but since you will also do media stuff i'd recommend an i7 and 8gb ram.look at some other brands aswell: asus, msi, dell, toshiba, sony. stay away from acer and HP, they're cancer highest malfunction rates of all brands.they're just bullshitting that info. that's not what fair use means. if anyone sends them a DMCA they're fucked.yes ccleaner can.i dont remember if the integrated intel hd graphics is turned off or not if you have a separate graphics card.you could try, if it works it should in theory reduce load on your 390 and give you better performance.yes it stands for something. read the specifications on both and compare. easiest way for this is if the website has a compare feature.check pale moon website for correct HTTPS Errwer version
Wanna make a 3 tier web app, where can I check out a tutorial where someone makes one? using MVC, C#, MS SQL
spend christmas bonus on new thinkpad or wait till next gen?
are there skylake laptops out yet? if yes, get one of those now. if no, wait for it.
is the moto /g/ 3rd gen, 16GB and 2GB RAM still the best budget android phone?
I have the 1 gb version and it works flawless
don't think soill do that thenthe gpu options are looking a bit dated too
I dont think they're going to release any new GPU architecture until spring. Not worth waiting that long.
I have a similar question to this guyI want to check my iPhone 5s for deleted files, but Windows doesn't recognize it as an external drive, so it's not immediately compatible with typical recovery softwareAny tips?
does it have removable sd card? then it's easy. otherwise i dont know.
thats fine with memy t420 is an amazing daily driver i5/quadro with ssdliterally just want some slightly better game performancei can deal with my slightly sluggish video editing performance until themi mean fallout3 is buttery smooth on mid/low but i'd like to play other shit in between work and projectsi wish you could request a lower resolution screen on some of the fucking devicesoh that GPU should preform really nicely and balanced4K screenSTOPthats why i got a 420 not a 520, same hardware but smaller screen, so slightly better performance ratio.docks haven't been removed from new TPs have they?the dock is by far the single best feature of my laptop
is chrome a botnet or is it a meme?
Old komputahneed light navigator to use the internetonly know about chrome and firefoxpls help
Does anyone know of a VPN that takes bitcoins and doesn't fucking suck balls when running over TCP? I used to have ZorroVPN and using it over TCP is a pain in the fucking ass. Private Tunnel works fine on TCP but you have to pay it with credit card.
If I got a laptop with 4GB RAM instead of 8GB, am I likely to encounter problems using software like Photoshop for drawing/painting?Is it worth getting an i5 over an m3 again assuming digital painting is the main activity, maybe with light gaming, even if the i5 adds a fan?
Is the Steelseries Kinzu v3 a good mouse? I can get one with a HSF from a website, would it be wise to just get it and then sell the mouse to basically get the HSF for cheaper?
*I get it with a Motherboard, not a HSF
Is that an apple watch?
Will ISP's still be all up in your shit if you directly download as opposed to torrenting?
It's got a removable proprietary ? chip. I don't recognize it.
Do I really have to pay £100 for win10? I can't find any sites that sell legitimate copies of win7 and I don't want my new pc to only have linux on it. also, I just had an enormous shit and blood came out, my ass stings like hell, should I be worried or is it probably just a tear or something?
So I dropped some money on an eGPU setup, so I can get my old AMD card working with my T420. But god damn fuck those proprietary linux drivers are a mess. I couldn't get it working, and don't intend to at this point. I know that the open source drivers are worse performance wise, but are they better ease-of-installation-wise? ...or should I just go back to dualbooting winblows?
Bleeding of the rectum can be caused by multiple things but the main causes are normally Stomach Ulcers or tears in the colon. If it's bright red it's arterial bleeding and is most likely in the colon so you should get to the emergency room stat. If it's ulcers you'll have stomach pains and darker blood being deficatated
What's the difference between Windows 10 Home and Windows 10 Pro to justify the double the price for Pro?
Dude I'm not just gonna go to the hospital and say "I had such a big shit I ripped my anus" can I just go off work for a few days before the stinging stops and just let it heal naturally?
Winbabby hereUbuntu 14.04.3 LTS or 15.10?
what is google
how do I remotely edit my files on muh raspberry? I'd like to use sublime text, but apperently it is shit. not sure though.I could always push shit with git, but no intention to do it that way.
It's a search engine that allows you to search for information about nearly anything.
rsync
should i not be using tor with a vpn? google is giving me contradictory results.
def. 15.10imo the only good reason to use LTS is if you're installing it for someone else, who you don't want to help upgrade in a couple of years.if you can figure out installing linux, even in a GUI, you can figure out upgrading too.there's no real difference in stability, and more recent software *is* an advantage.
Will 15.10 update to 16.04 well enough? in case I somehow stick with the same setup for a couple of months
I'd go for nano or vim over SSH.I like sublime text btw, but SSH is just simpler for remote.
Can you actually buy Windows 10 Education or Enterprise? I can't find anywhere that sells them.
If I enter a search that doesn't have a results I get the error: Invalid argument supplied for foreach.I know I need an if and else statement but whenever I try and make one it always ignores foreach and moves straight to the else.I'm not sure what I should be validating or how for it to work correctly. $result is a response from SOAP.$array = array$result;$xml = new SimpleXMLElement$array['GetToursBySearchTermResult']-any;foreach $xml-NewDataSet-Tours as $xmla {     echo "div id='wrap'", "div id='title'", $xmla-Title, "/div", "div id='image'",     'img src="',$xmla-BriefOverviewImageURL,'" height="180" width="180"', "/div", "div id='info'",     $xmla-BriefOverview, "/div", "div id='duration'", int$xmla-Duration,     " Days From Only ", money_format'%.2n', double$xmla-FromPrice, "/div", "/div";     }
Is it even worth upgrading from W7 to W10?
Yes. It's ubuntu; very noob friendly.Which version of ubuntu are you planning on installing? I feel obligated to strongly advise you to install anything but unity ubuntu.
I've been dicking around with various DEs in VMs for almost a week now, will probably go with Unity first, then maybe Kubuntu if I really don't like it as a daily
thought about it, but never acctually used it. thought there might be a simple tool available, but ok.but ssh on raspberry is ultra laggy. I will try rsync instead, maybe it is okay
imo yes, if you don't mind a bit of trouble to reclaim your privacy, and a bit of possible trouble with drivers.it is faster, its tiling features are better, and it finally has workspaces. plus, the panel looks a lot nicer.I use gnu+linux mainly though, so there might be annoying quirks that I'm not familiar with.giving money to microsoft
check if xml, newdataset and tours are not null.
which display port cable do I need thats compatible with freesync?I've read 1.2a but they are all adapters?
Oh, I didn't know. Good luck!
/out/ with your washed out memes.
Thank you, that really helped!
 if you don't mind a bit of trouble to reclaim your privacyI've heard about this, but i've been living under a rock. Do they actually collect that much information with W10? Just how hard will it be to disable all of it?
Thanks for the help manI put a fan style potentiometer between the fan and the PSU and took out the control out of the case, now while its relatively quiet and i can adjust the fan speed, the potentiometer does get a bit hot, but i guess thats understandable and not a big issueThanks for the helppic related, thats the potentiometer
Yeah, they collect a lot. Like every file you open and every key you type level things.In the beginning it was a pain to remove, but now there are tools that apparently do a lot of it for you with just a few clicks.  I haven't used them though, since I only use windows for minor tasks in a VM, so I can't vouch for any of them.However, Windows is proprietary, so we can never know how much data they actually collect. Likely, it is far more than we anticipate.The anti-telemetry tools are often proprietary as well, so you can't even know exactly what or how much they are doing.
Built me a new rig for gaymen I7 6700k Nvidia gtx 980 ti16 gigs ddr4 ram 2800WDB hard rive 1 tbHow do you think it's gonna do did I make a mistake ?
Well I guess I should just stick to win 7 for now. Thank you for all the info.
I know that the open source drivers are worse performance wiseI always thought the opensource drivers were better than the proprietary drivers with AMD?
That's surprisingly close to what I'm building:GIGABYTE GTX 980 TiIntel Core i7-6700KNH-U14S Ultra-Quiet Slim CPU Cooler with NF-A15 FanMSI Gaming Z170A M7 MotherboardCrucial 288 Pin 16GB 8GB x2 CL16 DDR4HGST Deskstar NAS - 4TB SATA III 3.5 ", 7200 RPMSanDisk SDSSDXPS-240G-G25 Extreme PRO SSD Sata III 240 GBCorsair AX860 860W 80 Plus Platinum Power Supply UnitCooler Master RC-942-KKN1 HAF XI need opinions about it aswell before I go buy it.
SSD where
Btw, I've heard that Win 7 and 8 updates have brought all of the same telemetry shit. If privacy is a concern, and you update your OS, you should still look into peeling back those updates.
I think you're right, actually. I'm pretty sure I read that they were worse somewhere, but according to arch wiki which i should just have checked before asking here, it's "on par" performance wise, and far less troublesome.
Everything is pretty much fine except these two might be a little too overkillGIGABYTE GTX 980 TiIntel Core i7-6700KYou can do with a i5-4xxx and GTX970, or maybe an equivalent AMD card
textdroider dpi, adaway
thisIf you're trying to cut on costs, to eventually update later, reduce to 8GB RAM and get an SSD instead. It really is worth it for performance, and moving your system to another disk can be a hassle.
So I'm deciding on getting an Intel cpu after having a terrible time with my 8320.Should I get the 4690k or the 4790k. The i7 is 75 dollars more but is it worth it or not?
What if I wanted to play at 1440p in the near future  and want to run at 1080p/Ultra at 144fps right now?
Is it worth trying to calibrate a monitor that has a bad tint issue at default settings, compared to normal samples that don't? I'm worried I'm just going to end up washing out my colors by having to work so hard with calibrations just to fix the tint. Figure it may just be easier to return/exchange.
If I buy Windows 10 does it come with a disc or something to install it on multiple PC's or just 1 PC?
This doesn't look good, does it?
Get one if what you have now doesn't do what you need, but don't get a new one.
it comes on a usb drive, but your license is only valid for one computer at a time.
can g propose a decent raspberry pi starter pack/kit ? like with servos, breadboard etc.thx
What is the keyword to type into my .i3/config file if I want to map an command, to right-clicking my mouse?pic not related.
Using Firefox Aurora, Youtbe videos only play well in their native resolutions. For example, a 720p video will play just fine until I go fullscreen, at which point it plays at 10-15fps, and vice versa with 1080p. That's definitely not good. What are you running?
Linx. I guess I have to change my cooling system.
Bought an r5 230 video card for $25. Hdmi output is limited to 1080p and my 1440p monitor looks stupid at that resolution. The card is capable of 1440p through DVI though. Bought the dvi to hdmi adapter.The card posts, shows splash screen, lets me go to BIOS if I chose to, etc. But then when it is supposed to show the login screen next Linux Mint 17.2 Cinnamon the screen stops receiving a signal. Turns off and the light on the screen blinks as if it is no longer getting a signal at all.The same adapter and hdmi cable work when plugged into the motherboards onvoard DVI port though. The motherboard is an am1 socket that is only powered via 24 pin olug from psu, no 4 extra 4 pin for cpu.Could it be that the card isn't getting enough power via pcie port? This shit is stupid already. Bought the 230 just to take some load off my baby sempron 3850.
python update via homebrew is brokenno idea where to start
Is Arch on a raspi usable? Getting sick of the outdated packages.
what win7 updates have the win10 crap on them?and why did windows update on its own even when winupdate is offwtf
I have a problem with my graphics card drivers on my laptop. The screen is all fucked up right now. I tried reinstalling Windows with a fresh install, but it crashes every time at the "installing drivers" section and gives me a "TDR_VIDEO" error. I tried booting Linux, which at least work, but the screen is still fucked up. Is there a way to set the system back completely or any other way to fix this issue?
bottleneck = no ssd
I got a DVD from my dentist for OPG xray.But I can't seem to get it open in linux, The optic drive won't mount it, running arch.The thing is it works fine under windows, any ideas?
I’d just like to interject for a moment. What you’re refering to as Linux, is in fact, GNU/LInux, or as I’ve recently taken to calling it, GNU plus Linux. Linux is not an operating system unto itself, but rather another free component of a fully functioning GNU system made useful by the GNU corelibs, shell utilities and vital system components comprising a full OS as defined by POSIX.Many computer users run a modified version of the GNU system every day, without realizing it. Through a peculiar turn of events, the version of GNU which is widely used today is often called “Linux”, and many of its users are not aware that it is basically the GNU system, developed by the GNU Project.There really is a Linux, and these people are using it, but it is just a part of the system they use. Linux is the kernel: the program in the system that allocates the machine’s resources to the other programs that you run. The kernel is an essential part of an operating system, but useless by itself; it can only function in the context of a complete operating system. Linux is normally used in combination with the GNU operating system: the whole system is basically GNU with Linux added, or GNU/Linux. All the so-called “Linux” distributions are really distributions of GNU/Linux.
this good? Should I cop?
Hey /sqt/ got a bit of a problem here, basically a while back I downloaded a crack for a game that contained some kind of malware in it.  The guy running the stuff managed to get some kind of back door into my system and left a .txt document on my desktop saying "This is why you shouldn't pirate games, faggot." and I was actually kind of impressed at the time, and left a reply in the same document for him.  Anyway this continued back and forth for a good two and a half years, with us chatting back and forth through that same document like some kind of Notepad Pen Pals, but then suddenly one day my hard drive died, and I had to reinstall Windows, and now I have no means of getting back in contact with the person on the other end.  It really is upsetting to me, it feels like I've lost a close friend.  Does anyone have any recommendations for how I might get back in touch?  I've searched torrent sites for the old file that they initially infected me with but either it's been taken down by now or I can't find it.
I got myself some Be Quiet Shadow Wings but my motherboard can only manage the speed of 2 fans besides the CPU one and I need 3, plus: I can't set the speed under 50% which is a little overkill for me so I was thinking of buying pic related Lian Li PT-FN03.The description says that it's not compatible with "PWM fans": does this mean that it can't deal with the PWM function or with PWM fans at all?
I'm working on a computer for a friend, and he's aware the laptop is slow.I'ts criminally slow mind you, it's an old laptop sure, but it is beyond slow.It takes a good 15 minutes to respond to anything, so he's assuming hard drive failure.  But I tried launching it in safe mode and it's actually at a good speed. I tried malwarebytes and it found nothing, but honestly I don't know where to go from here. Any suggestions?
Does the Prolimatech Megahalems sold for socket 1366 work on 1155 too?
winky +r type msconfig and have a look at what's running at startup
Backup important data, format and reinstall completly. Far easier in my opinion.
if i want to get in to web development should i invest time in learning php properly or C#. How does C# as a server side language differ from using it in traditional programming? What would be the best language to learn for this?
boot from usb with a small Linux distro, Xubuntu or something. See if it runs well. Install that and tell him to stop being a mainstream consumerist faggot.
They do, 775 / 115x / 1366 / 2011 / AMx / FM2.
Ya I'd assume this, it's what I was going to try, but I'll tryFirst.
task manager, this happened to me, winsvcs took up 100% RAM so it was always on virtual memory. Just see what's taking up the memory and turn it off.
Ok that's cool, finally thinking of upgrading my mobo and was thinking it'd be a shame if  I couldn't use it anymore
I'm a newfag when it comes to building a gaming rig; is it worth it for cyberpowerpc to build me a rig or am I better off just learning how to build it myself?Budget is 2k
I'm building a xeon desktop that I'm going to be using partially for gaming. I'm able to buy registered ECC memory for less money than unbuffered ECC. I've got no need for the features of reg memory and I'm concerned that it's slower than unbuffered and will affect performance. Will it?
Will people look at me funny or judge me if I get a smartwatch?
Just how dead is the disk? Can you try recovering it?
I'm not sure, are there guides to this somewhere?  I just know my system won't recognize it anymore no matter what I do
I stupidly bought too many fans for my PC and it's louder than what it should be, help?
So I downloaded Eclipse Che about 2 hours ago and I've only managed to get tomcat to give a blank white screen. How difficult would it be for them to make an installer? What the fuck is this shit.
Set them lower in the BIOS?
Tried that. Didn't seem to work.
What do you mean you bought too many fans? If they're too loud you can manage their speed using a fan controller or your motherboard if they're PWM and your MB can support them.
I tried opening up task manager but it says "Failure Security-Options", the mere act of ctrl+alt+del causes it to say this.I should also note that it refuses to connect to my internet connects to his just fine even through lan.It also wont recognize my flash drives unless it's in safe mode
I saw a $200 1TB SSD the other day.Do SSDs come in different qualities? Would using it as my sole hard drive cause problems? Anything else I should be aware of that would discourage me from purchasing this?
They will judge you if you get a fitness tracker, especially if you're a renowned gentooman.Just get a nice smartwatch that doesn't stand out.
I bought a PC from them, don't bother; you'll end up having to rebuild your PC anyway. I had to RMA my GPU, RAM, and PSU. It's much more efficient and cheaper to just build it yourself.
No need for a fan controller to do thatThey are pretty useless since you basically never change the speed.
Do SSDs come in different qualities?Of course.  Though it's not really a huge difference unless you get some weird bootleg Chinese shit or somethingWould using it as my sole hard drive cause problems?Nah, I've been doing it for years.  The SSD degradation thing gets totally exaggerated, it might have been an issue with the earliest models but nowadays chances are the thing will last you much longer than a traditional hard drive would have anyway.
Downloaded the game Brass for my iphone 5. Smacked around the AI several times, got a grasp of the game, started playing online against actual people.On two of my games but not the third, any time I try to make a move, I get the following prompt:QuestionConnection Problemyour actions were not submitted to server. Try sending them again or quit the game and redo the action later.I've had problems with these specific games, regarldess of where or when I try to enter my moves. The other game seems to be going fine, again, no matter where I am.I'm not particularly tech savvy, anyone have any idea what's going on?
/roots/ edition.Old thread: Not sure what private trackers are all about?Check out the wiki and update it yourself if you want more instead of complaining like a fucking faggot. to get into private trackers and survive: to get into trackers: Interview Notes: /g/ptg as a link to find the /ptg/ thread.Remember the following:staff occasionally read these generals and have posted here before. staff may pretend to be normal users asking for invites and when you invite them, they ban you for inviting strangerspeople may report emails and other personal info posted here to staff to get you banned.most of the invite offers here are people trolling you with false hope. begging for invites is a waste of time and you should just interviewyou should join oppaitime
Anyone on watcd wants to snatch an album for me?Frederick Fennell and the Eastman Wind Ensemble - The Civil War: Its Music and Its Sounds, 1990 Mercury Living Presence 432591 2CDany format is fine.
I like this, this has potential to be a good thread.Where did you all start? What was your journey?
for that one redditor who was asking who Drizzy is.
Why don't you join instead of begging?
I joined a bunch of private trackers when I was looking for movies without knowing anything about ratio and then wondered why I was barred from downloading. The first private tracker I specifically wanted to join was KG and I got an invite ten months ago. Am now on all the major trackers except BTN. Seems like a lifetime ago.
I started when I asked one of my friends, "Where do you get the content for your Plex server?""this cool place called iptorrents. want an invite?""sure"Now I'm like the other anon:Am now on all the major trackers except BTN.
I started on AB, then got into A-HD, GGn, PTP and TehC. I'm missing BTN and not particularly interested in joining What
On /g/track, cool dude invite me to ptp, bitgamer, and whatcd.
At last, a good Film Club Spotlight pick. I recommend anyone to watch Un Prophete.
I started on AB
Did you get your AHD invite from AB recently?Been waiting for a while on that recruiter.
Started on WCD. Can't even remember what, but there was some music I couldn't find on public trackers and people claimed this site had lots of content.Realized "holy shit this has everything."Joined PTP/BTN/a fuckton of other trackers thinking "if they're half as good as WCD for X niche, I'll be /set4lyfe/"
/roots/ editionI took the /castingcouch/ interview some time around august last year because my qt at the time kept asking for random obscurish albums./ptg/ was just an occasional thread here back then. I joined AHD about six months later when we broke up because I regressed and wanted some escapism and shit, six months after that I'm on HDB, AHD, WCD, BTN, PTP, Bitme, ***********, *** :^ .etc/set4lyf/ I guess. Met some fucking cool anons here along the way as well.
My first account was actually a PTP account, I don't remember exactly but I think there were open registrations at some point probably for a holiday. Needless to say I knew jackshit about private trackers and got banned quickly enough.Got my second chance on AB, from there got to all the rest. Now I treasure my accounts like goddamn Fabergé eggs.
Started off with What interviewGot inNow I'm on BTN, PTP, HDB
I am uploading it for you. It's in v0
I started on BTN 5 years ago? My hs friend invited me to it and I had no idea what private trackers were. Another hs friend invited me to AHD and What a few months later. I got into PTP recently through a university friend. All of the other trackers in the list were through official invite threads. I guess I got lucky homies. I want to get into DB9 and HDBits. But I guess that will take time. :
HDBits is ezypzy given you're already on the cabal trackers, just level up desu.DB9 on the other hand will just find you. Someone offered me an invite a while ago but I don't really have brapp brapp robot ears yet and I wouldn't use it, maybe later.
Myspleen  AB  PTP  MAM  WCD  BTNI'm on a host of others for niche shit, but I've been slowly paring them down.
Yeah I missed the HDBits guru recruit from BTN recently. : My buddy who got me into AHD and What got into hdbits during that time. Apparently HDBits recruiting from AHD has been terminated recently so I just missed that also. Im so close to guru and HD-Veteran. :
Shit sucks man, if you stop talking about it recruitment will come back though.
I signed up to CG when it had open invites, and traded my account for a PTP account. Seriously.
sooooooooooon. it will be back and I shall be ready.
being /impure/ on literally every worthwhile trackeryou done fucked up anon
you should join oppaitimeFuck off spaghetti
What interview 6 years ago. Then BTN and PTP soon after.I've been disabled for inactivity on plenty of other sites - ahd was shit, sinderella too hard to seed without having terabytes of porn permanently on my system, grew out of anime so AB disabled. Comicbt changed into something else and my uploads diappeared so fuck them.Hdb would be nice for e-peen but id probably get disabled for not using it enough. 5tb buffer on PTP is enough to not have to worry.Big 3 master race has all bases covered.
Ok, here.hope anon sees it.
dont say that : If something does happen ill just end up restarting through What or Animoobytes.
Comicbt is called 32pages now.
I know. A while ago they changed it and all my uploads vanished, and there seemed to be a new userclass system which meant I couldn't upload them again without levelling up. Fuck it. Hardly used it anyway. Already have 90gb of comics and graphic novels and nothing new interests me.
thats a lot haha. i rarely use that tracker also; the last thing i downloaded was alias i think to get ready for jessica jones. i like their website design its a shame i dont read comics that often though
where do i go for edm
Demonoid used to be great for comics back in the day. I have complete collections of pretty much everything from there.
Shortly after TPB went down, was looking for a popular TV show. Due to the fragmentation of trackers, I was having a really hard time finding good quality, well seeded copies. Checked out the new PublicHD and saw their Facebook page had trackers with open sign-ups. They were okay trackers but they gave me a head start on how to use real private trackers.Few weeks later, see a thread here talking about how hype everyone was for What's sitewide freeleech event. I didn't really think I needed a PT for music that bad but everybody said it was the absolute best so I decided to take the interview. I honestly didn't think I was gonna use it all that much but the content, quality, organization, speeds, and retention made me a believer.Now it's a year later and I have every tracker I want, including the Big Three, except maybe HDB but my needs are definitely covered. I couldn't fathom going back to public trackers now.
Bandcamp. You have to pay for it so it's one of the most exclusive PT.
to all the new users on AHD. hit me up with name and i'll shower you with bonus points. maybe join the irc from time to time, we are a cool bunch
nice try 312c.
DO NOT FALL FOR THIS
im being serious, i mean what could you possibly get in trouble for? sending bonus points? linking your profile id? nothing wrong with that y0
Joined up to MAM. Found it wasn't bad, joined up to CGPeers. Hit an invite dead end I knew that WCD existed but was scared off by rumours of needing a cood upload speed and shit, studied for the interview and passed on my first go around about the time I stumbled upon this thread I lurked /mu/ first for what.cd help,Got into What.cd, got into Bibliotik and AB after hitting PU. Thought 'fuck all might as well get into all the big three' got into BTN, got into PTP. I just want Bitme.
mam are okay but they ban latest utorrent so i never use them. If you ever want to attempt a journey into the bizzare, go on their irc - literally all OAPs who do not computer coming to chat. that / normfags - i saw some long distance lorry driver guy on their forum who has donated like 900 dollars+ to the tracker
STOP TRYING TO B8 ANONS!!!
they ban latest utorrent so i never use themtheir irc - literally all OAPs who do not computerSounds like your kind of place Anon
latest uTorrentnigger what are you doing
I am a member of Bitme and honestly it is a bit over rated. It is dying a slow death. A good substitute is bitspyder+thegeekz. Honestly, there needs to be a gazelle based elearning tracker
using the best windows client, i've tested them all and by far latest utorrent is the best. i've not tested the latest qbittorrent / transmission though, and i did all my testing 6 months ago - so information could be dated.
nigger not using 2.2.1 what the fuck are you doing?
Is chunky dead
Any news on Bibliotik?Why is it down?
Started on AB about 2 years ago now. Only other tracker I need to get into now is BTN
found out about pts through these threads a few years ago, only knew about demonoid before then so i took the wcd interviewmet some dude on here who ended up giving me a btn invite, and got onto jpp/ptp and a number of other places soon afterstaffed one site, plan to staff/start another, we'll see where it goes
latest utorrent
using the best windows clienti've not tested the latest transmission thoughYeah you might want to get on that.It blows my mind that people intentionally use literal MPIAA botnet software on private trackers.
ddos
You are my hero anon, I got into AB. Hope to follow in your path that you laid out for other anons, like me.
What's a good PT for textbooks/ebooks?
oppaitime is not bad for a certain genre of ebooks. Unfortunately they prefer to invite redditors
any good for textbooks?
You can't get in trouble for giving our your username, but you will lose your privacy since a few dozen eyes will go and look at your profile.
OT is filled with porn you silly. Bibliotik is down and MAM isn't great so nowhere right now.
class="quote"tfw the tracker you love the most is downI want to commit sudoku.
Amazing.Seriously thanks you so much anon.
i took the wcd interviewmet some dude on here who ended up giving me a btn invite,Not being /pure/ anon? Yikes.
Just invited two redditors to CG. Feels good man.
Not being /pure/ anon? Yikes.being invited/inviting is secureWhen will impure learn?
i've tested them all and by far latest utorrent is the bestYou're right but you should use 2.2.1/2.0.4, not the ad-infested shit that latest versions are.
Just have a reminder on your phone at the end of the month to login to private trackers man
impure people never learn because they have no patience but when they lose their accounts, they will learn their lesson.
Just have a reminder on your phone at the end of the month to login to private trackers manOr just organize them into a bookmark folder, keep their cookies, and click 1 time to login every once in a while.Personally, whenever I need to use one or more of my private trackers, I click the multi-bookmark, use the tracker I need to use, and check the rest of them one by one because they sometimes have announcements. I have 10 trackers and its no big deal doing this every 3-4 days.
lose their accountsYou mean like the P U R E anons who lost their PTP accounts due to being P U R E and being invited by Chunky?   KK E K   K
Don't know what you're talking about, anon. Elaborate.
Lurk more and you'll hear about it eventually, should probably kill yourself for not knowing since this has been the talk of /ptg/ for the past 2 weeks or so.
Whatever. You probably don't know what you're talking about./pure/ is the only way to go.
newfag mad I'm not spoonfeeding himWhat a time to be alive.
I need an invitation on what.cd, email : hahalea@gmail.com thanks
sent ;
hahalea@gmail.comReported to what.cd staff with link to post.
I'm on IPTorrents, pretty much everything I want is on there, and I've got a buffer that's going to last me years at this rate.What is the best 'general' tracker in everyone's opinion?
implying I am going to use that email address
Not that one, since if cancer could take the form of a tracker IPT would be it.
Anyone on filelist.ro? Top tier private tracker, better than any shit listed here.
use qBittorrentmost of my private tracker torrents have a ratio of 0THENuse uTorrentmost of my private tracker torrents have at least 0.5 ratio. Fuck qStalledmeme.
Being pure or impure doesn't matter as long your inviter is not a retard. ;
 if you're not using the account then it's only fair to let it expire. let someone who might use it get in instead.
Why so? I've never had any issues with it.What is better than IPT?
I use all 10 of my accounts.
Every other PT. Because IPT isn't actually a PT at all, it's a corrupt business.
What is better than IPT?Holy shit, what a fucking pleb. There are dozens of trackers better than IPT.
good for you. I am satisfied with PTP, WCD and BTN. anything else is just unnecessary trouble logging in once a month for no reason, and leaves the sites one person closer to their userlimits.
I still don't understand, but meh, I've never given them money, and I get a bunch of stuff for free, so I guess it's just personal opinion. I meant general tracker, and it's gotta be up there.
anything else is just unnecessary trouble logging in once a month for no reason,Any fucking retard can keep 10 accounts active. There's no trouble at all. I like all my trackers and I check them like I would any other website every time I need to use one or more of them.
Filelist is the only general tracker better than IPT. IPT was even stealing peers from Filelist at one point until the Filelist admins caught them.
I still don't understand, but meh, I've never given them money, and I get a bunch of stuff for free, so I guess it's just personal opinion.Ratio is free so it's completely meaningless, also means retention is garbage.
So I want to learn how to hack, preferably with kali.I hear h*h is a hacking ebook/community tracker, can I get an invite? I'm highest ranks everywhere and it's getting boring. Is there an invite thread on theOccult or somewhere else? I'm not on any chinese cartoon trackers.
h*h does not recruit.h*h is exclusive.h*h invites are only sent out important people.
Alright I get it, how do I become important? I don't use irc or forums.
You will have to figure that out yourself.
How come deluge shits itself at high amounts of torrents? Badly coded or tradeoff for fast racing?
You can't. Just go about your business and if you luck into an invite good for you. Look for it and you'll never get in.
It's mostly because you use Windows
How come I just went to ask for an invite on oppaitime and instead of being called a faggot I got interview then kickedYou lied to me gulag, I just wanted to fap to chinese cartoons
This is why.
What do you track?
Lol what a faggot. You did the right thing kicking him.
How many interviews do you have during a typical day? Are all interviewees retarded like that?
My favourite part was him calling you !azathoth
Hey azawhy is there non sexual junior idol stuff on a sexual pornn tracker?might scare people from joining since it paints a target on your treckerthere is a reason why shit like that isnt on torrent sites usually
Doing interviews just to download pornWhy don't you google that shit and fap for 5 minutes to what is available?You both are fucking retarded.
No English dub?
Got into ipt like 3yrs ago, then into GGn like 2yrs ago then AHD,wcd,tehc,ptprecently. Not on btn currently.
I'm an oppaitime internal and all I have to say to you family is:fuck you faggt
Usually no more than 10, I'd guess. Fortunately, most of them aren't quite that bad.There's a couple things that a lot of them do that bug the piss out of me though:Do you have any thing to contributeProbably not anything you don't already haveThis is usually codeword for "no". And even if it's not, I obviously don't fucking expect you to know what we have on the site. I want to know if you're willing to contribute.Where are you from?physical locationLike, fuck, if I cared where you live I could already figure that out from your IP. And if I didn't want that location in the invite channel, you wouldn't have even been able to connect to the server.I'm still not sure if I want to keep it on the site. I don't really give a fuck about the morality of it. The issue is: is it porn? Sure, some people probably jerk off to it, but people will jerk off to just about anything. It doesn't quite feel like porn to me, but the question is why? Is it not porn because there's no nudity? Because there's no sex? Those are pretty bad metrics, though. Plus, gravure, which is basically the same thing but with of-age women just feels porn-ier to me, somehow, but I can't express why.Basically, the junior.idol stuff feels out of place to me, but I can't construct an argument as to why, so I'm not just going to ban it because some people don't like it.
Here, you're inhref="#p51733076" class="quotelink"I'm an oppaitime internalRight into your resume fâm
where are you from?physical location.Well what do you expect them to answer
Any notable trackers that have xmas advent calendars apart from BTN and TSH?
Do you have any thing to contributeWhat is even the answer you want from this? Most people won't be able to upload content. If you want only people with content your tracker won't grow.
ABAHDPTPEMPYou dig?
Do you have any thing to contributeProbably not anything you don't already haveWhere are you from?physical locationAre there any more logs from this? Cuz in that one you posted you didn't ask any of that.I mean, if you're gonna do interviews to join the site just be straight about it, not just randomly ask "why"
And if you only accept filthy leechers you'll never get enough content to make your tracker grow.
Yeah you need both, but non uploaders - not leechers - are what keep content alive.
I think asking why you want an invite is a perfectly legitimate question.I'm not going to bother giving you an actual interview if you don't even know what the site fucking is.A small handful of users has uploaded almost everything on our site. That is a problem. And it's not like uploaders NEED leeches to survive, anyway. Our BP formula is pretty generous for long-term seeding. We need more content, we don't need more leechers right now. It's as simple as that. Anyway, I'm going to turn people away just because they don't have any content to upload, but it is a fast track to an invite.
I'm going to turn people awayI'm *not going to turn people away
I've probably been disabled from more and better sites than you plebs will ever join.Only care about important ones like P****, E****, *** and **** *** now. They have everything that the other trackers have anyway, in better quality usually. Except for  which is banned on all other private trackers that I know of.
Hey man, it's me, I didn't know you also posted here.No hard feelings, I just got deceived by the pastebin in the OP, if I knew you do interviews to join the site I wouldn't have bothered since I don't really care that much.I just go back to fap to non-japanese products.Keep the good fight or whatever you do on that site.
**** ***DELETE THIS!
tfw you just asked Aza for an invite in one of these threads because you knew you'd fuck up the interviewtfw you have quite a few things to put on OT but are too lazy to do so
We have fucking auto-fill you kike.
tfw too afraid to join in case something goes wrong resulting in public shaming on /ptg/
I'm not going to publicly shame you unless you go full retard.If you're at all not a dipshit, you'll probably get an invite just fine. In fact, most of the people who ask for invites get one.
Can we stop giving that faggot Azathoth and his shitty tracker attention in here?
Yeah, I agree, fuck that faggot and fuck his grapes. I don't want them anyway.
What does it have apart from junior idols?
implying you can use a different e-mail adress then the one where the invite was sent totop kukk
h*h invites are only sent out important people.
hello dolos
who?
Super exclusive Boku no Pico encodes
How do I go about getting a Retrowith.in invite?Do they recruit from any sites?
use delugemost of my private tracker torrents have a ratio of 3+
finally got into PTPfeels goodtook 9 days to get a reply though fucking winter i swear
what an inconvenience for you. Messed up your plans of lurking day and night huh.
u fink ur funny or sumfin m8
Can we stop giving that faggot Azathoth and his shitty tracker attention in here?Just ignore him.
nope
bibliotik back when??ggn back when??
implying people here know more than you do about downtimes
TvT is fucking heaven, everything in great quality and well seeded by seedboxes how old it might be, FL on over 10GB torrentsAnd easy to get upload, I got 40GB upload in 2 days
Winter took time to reply to me too. Seems reasonable though.
so now im in ptp whats the best way to build up ratio? whats the best way to build bp?
TvT is for older and rarer TV right? I always get confused with ToTV and TvT. Or is TvT = Freshon?
TvT = Freshon.tvThis, not sure what the others are
ToTV is dead.TvT = Freshon.
not being on BTN
tvtfreshon and mtv are both pretty decent if youre not on btn imo
I think I know the answer but should I get TvT when I already have BTN/HDB?
as always, only for backup
Not on TTN TransmiTheNetKEK
Upload stuff
1 and 0s
those seeder statsmaximum keximusalso, looks like they just copied the BTN theme and modified a little bit..embarrassing
obviously, will downloading the freeleech available net me a decent amount of bp though?
what torrents should I snatch for maximum buffer/upload?
over 10GB FL but you must snatch them as soon as they are added
Freeleech is mostly for upload. You get BP by seeding large, underseeded torrents.
tvchaosukNo Flesh and BoneNo FargoNo The KnickNo You're the WorstNo Masters of SexNo ForbrydelsenNo Ricky Gervais ShowNo RecitfyNo Les RevenantsNo Garth Marenghi's DarkplaceSo I take it this tracker is mostly for every day soap operas airing on BBC.
Some of those are not uk based shows m8Darkplace is on thereThere are many panel shows that get uploaded there first
Fuck you
signing up for a tracker without knowing what's on itkek
I know, but I expected a TV tracker to have some of the most popular TV shows, UK or not. Since they have categories for non-UK stuff. I guess it's a good tracker if you have the specific need for day-to-day UK shows. I was hoping to use it as a TV tracker until I get on a proper TV tracker.I don't see Darkplace when I search. It was open registrations, so I had nothing to lose.
How would someone know what is on a tracker? Except from various invite forums' reviews
sadly it's not good as a general tv trackeri mainly use it for obscure uk shows and panel showseven though it's mainly a curry tracker TTN is pretty easy to get into and is a BTN clone that might suit your needsapplications are open in their IRCcheck leddit
Except your time. You answered your question. Asking people, doing research, looking at reviews, etc.
Asking peopleWho? Where?doing researchLike what? I suppose invite forums aren't supposed to be a legitimate way
Thanks, but I'll have a PU AB account in a few days, hopefully I can get into something good with that. I'm not familiar with all the acronyms yet I'm afraid. I'll look into it.My time is worthless.
People on forums, reddit, general conversation online. Research is simply googling around. Plenty of people online have said what TVChaosUK was all about. You just had to read what you googled.My time is worthless.Figured as much.
once PUfor tv get MTV or freshon from AB or TSHfor movies get TehC
freshon give invites on their IRC, it's a good chance now to get an account there and fill it with buffer now that many content is upload for the time it since the backup in Jan 2015
Thanks, I was already planning on getting into TehC and stay with it for a few months until I can get into PTP, but I'm not familiar with TV trackers. I've heard MTV mentioned around here, so I assume it's decent.
finally get into PTP a few days agorealize i dont even watch movieswew lad
Haha same
BTNFreshonTvTMTVfor tv
finally get into PTP a few days agorealize i dont even watch moviesIs this what autism looks like? Don't have much in your life, huh?
signing up for trackers you don't needLet me guess, you still want to keep the accounts because you "just want them" right? Talk about having a mental disorder.
Yeah i guess, i only watch anime and play videogames.Dont really care for 3DPG media.
Can I get into BTN with a PU AB account though? As long as I can get airing shows in 1080p  I'm not too worried.
Hahaha look at these triggered plebs. Dont worry maybe someday you can get into PTP lads.
i only watch anime and play videogames.The mental disorder reveals itself further.
I may need it sometime to watch a movie, why should I bother with public shit
no, neither of the other two are recruited on AB though but their invites arent difficult to come by tbf mtv are looking into tightening up invties now thoughBTN is something to get into a few months down the line, its worth it
Nigger, I've been on PTP for years. You're the one on a tracker you don't even want and you're still acting like you're better than others. Stay retarded.
pretend to be a girl on ABget invited to all top tier trackersget millions of yen on ABi kinda feel bad for the weeb virgins tho, i had to add one to skype
Where do I get invites to ptp, there's none on wcd invite forum
not being elite
he is this madkek
312cjust so he can find himslef when his ctrl+f his name :
Oh that's where the real invites are...
They will be in PU forums in a few weeks or months.You can wait or try to reach Elite.
How much shit do you have to seed on PTP to get 4000 points per day?Im seeding around 400GB and only get 3200, sadly my HDD si getting full.
watch anime[triggered]
depends how many other people are seeding those torrents too
where the fuck do you think you are?
Where are you from?physical locationLike, fuck, if I cared where you livewhat a fucking retard, holy shit. you literally ask where people come from, how do you expect them to answer?so a better ask would be, "how did you hear about us?" you raging retarddairly reminder the guy in charge of OT is a feckless faggot
On a technology board.
I'm seeding 3tb and get 55,000 a day.
355 gb, and i get 7k points per day
How much shit do you have to seed on PTP to get 4000 points per day?It's not the amount of torrents, it's the size and seeds the torrents have, you dumb motherfucker.
I'm seeding 3tb and get 55,000 a day.I seed 500 GB and get 20k per day. You have to pick the right torrents to permaseed.
not too difficult GPs give a good BP modifier, and BP increases loads with time. Seed the content you have for another month and your BP rate will be a lot higher
Damn son, any protips? Do you permaseed only torrentsw ith little seeders or what?
nigga I have a 7tb buffer. I don't need to bother. I just keep things for archive purposes.
What do BP do on PTP? What do you gain from them?
Oh good, that picture lets staff ID you instantly with all that data and all.
dude delete this312kek will ban you
Not that guy, but why does it matter? It's not like he's giving anything away?What are the BP rates on TehC?
kekinb4 image deleted
Just find the biggest torrents with the lowest seeder counts. Then just sit and watch the BP do all the buffer building for you. It's easy as fuck.
PTP staff don't care who posts on /ptg/, sorry. This is no h*hRegulars on /ptg/ should be able to figure out who I am too
nice try 312c faggot
2.5m = 1tb of upload
Hey Silverfin, how is it going?

Pretty much. If you find the right torrents, you can survive for the rest of your life on PTP by seeding the same 200GB worth of torrents if you spend time picking out what gets the most BP. Then you can just download as much as you want, but you should keep your seeding time average up if you want to join higher trackers.
Wow very nice, seems easy to gain buffer with permaseeding.
Good thanks senpai
So i guess RAW blurays are the best because they are huge and only have 1-2 seders, right?
Yup, BD50s are great
Yep. 4 of those with 1-2 seeders each will give you enough BP to use PTP regularly without worry.
GPs would be better, but yeah
but every GP has a ton of seeders
GPs are smaller in size and will almost always have 100s of seeds, not really worth it
...if you can find a poorly seeded GP, that is...
Will i get in trouble if i use my seedbox and my home connection at the same time?
Deluge is not showing tracker icons for some. How do i fix this?
some trackers just dont have a favicon, not deluges fault
no
DVD5/9s actually have the best BP/size ratio
How do I get a list like this with images? Can I get it on utorrent 2.2.1 or is it a specific client?
Client specific, ruTorrent or Deluge really
Why jpg man, why
Can I get it on utorrent 2.2.1 or is it a specific client?No. It's not a uTorrent feature. It's a Deluge, qBittorrent, Transmission and rutorrent feature.
ShareX fucks with things, sorry
I want to get into DB9you better be listening to jungle m8, contact meif you're not just gtfo with your epeen
What  torrent client is best for linux, and why is it rtorrent?
Deluge destroys it in initial swarms m8
rTorrent is best over all client though. Deluge is only better for auto snatch racing. After that's over, -- rTorrent.
True but there is not a single correct answer
I use Transmission because it's as good as rtorrent but much easier to use.
It's good, but not quite as good as rTorrent. It IS as good as rTorrent + ruTorrent though.
 It's dead, said so in the IRC
Way to go anon. Way to go. What a shit post
enjoy your dead tracker faggot
My exact thoughts after I joined.
What is the best client for windows for perma seeding purpose? I don't wanna use utorrent because I use it daily and when the list the list of tors becomes large Enough to scroll I don't like it at all. I want a client to auto start with windows and never show up untill I open it and does it perma seeding shit and  I can do my daily shitty things with utorrent.
WATWATWAAAAATJust use uTorrent and learn to use fucking TagsWith Tags separate the torrents in fucking categories, other than [No Tags]That'll make easier to sort your shit
This and to be precise they're called "labels" in utorrent, you add labels to permaseed content and for your everyday torrents you browse through the "No Label"
tfw not in U2tfw I might actually end up dropping money on GuP blu rays
I'll try it.
Buy an mteam account, they probably have u2 invites
Some nerd in grade school invite me to demonoid then it died. I joined IPT and built a massive ratio then learned it was the end of the line for epeen. Want m0ar looked at reddit the What/312keks seemed awful so I joined sciencehd through applications. Got into ahd and some shitty teachers. Inn purely on all my comfy trackers. Unpurely on the gay ones like MaM, HeintaiPi, What, TBZ. I'm purely on 1.5 of the big 3.5 ahd,PTP. I was part of a major ban tree and lost of my non pure accounts for sending screen shots a few years ago of Exigo for Torrent Invites asshole faggots told me they'd get me into HDB if I wrote them a review- fucking liarsAt least I'm /comfy/ on the ones that matter
class="quote"mfw I found a WEBm showing what's on passthecurry and desi.cd
I dont listen to jungle atm. its half epeen and half me liking drum and bass.
Spaghetti is that you?
That was you who wrote Exigo wasn't worth it?;_;After being banned from Pedro's all I ever wanted was Exigo
Exigoclass="quote"One of the rarest lossless music trackers.Quality and Rarity go hand in hand at Exigo.Getting in is difficult, but if you ask for my personal opinion,The tracker is not worth it.In the so called race to be elite, they have lost many potential uploaders,Tracker like Pedro's is a far better alternative and easier to get into.He's right

No, if anything  is spaghetti.
DELETE!
Hey man what does your tracker track? There isn't any review or info on google
professional encoding group "legi0n"mild kek
Anyone got a list with useful torrents for BTN/PTP cross-seeding?
Neither of those are me. is me
any miniseries thats allowed on ptp
How do I go about getting a Retrowith.in invite?Do they recruit from any sites?
They recruit from GGn, no other place as far as i knowAlso, GGn will be back in the worst case, by this weekend
They recruit from GGn, no other place as far as i knowYeah, not happening at all, mate.
Yeah, not happening at all, mate.What do you mean?As they don't really recruit [and probably never will], in the same way as BCG, they have an invite thread in GGn
Most people get into RW via others contacting them.I'm not meming like h*h shit, legitimately 90% of the people in RW are active within the community and invites are extended that way.
Thanks, hopefully GGn comes back this weekend.
tfw no more good tv shows or movies to watch
Is there any downside to forcing utorrent to seed everything? Do I even need a seed limit?
yeah, you get malware
Infinity Challenge, 1N2D & Peep Show
So /g/ I come to you with a problem that I'm not sure what would be the best answer for, anyway here goes.  I just built a brand new gaymen rig.  Skylake i7, 16GB DDR4 ram, SSD, the works.  For my GPU I went with the MSI GTX980.  So far it's awesome, can run everything I throw at it without issue.  However, one day last week I realized I never did download the nVidia gaming drivers, I was just using whatever driver Windows picked, and to be honest it worked fine.  So I went ahead and downloaded the GeForce Experience and updated.  Now that I'm running 359.06 I've noticed my PC occasionally will stutter when I open new windows or videos and what not.  I thought this was a little strangfe so after some troubleshooting determined it's the nVidia driver that's causing this.  That comes to my question, should I just live with it until nVidia decides to fix their shit or should I uninstall the driver and reinstall at a later time?
It's only really annoying if I'm listening to music or if I'm watching a video and doing a bunch of stuff and it lags a couple times and then is good for a bit.  Has anyone seen this issue before?  Here's my speccy in case you were wondering exact specs.
Windows 10 actually download most of the latests fully tested drivers from windows update, that's why it actually worked fine.Uninstall nVidia drivers and let windows get the right one for you, they will work better unless there is a new game release.
yeah I was actually playing Rainbow Six without the game day driver for it or whatever and it was working fine.  No issue.  Fucking nVidia, this shit is annoying, they better fix their shit,.
W10there's your problem.Also get rid of the Experience.
Did you completely uninstall your drivers through windows device manager before you installed the nvidia ones?
No nigga
yeah I know, Win10 sucks.  I personally don't even really like it and would go back to Win7 if not for one thing.  My job is a sysadmin for one of the utility companies in my state.  We have a fairly large environment so we work fairly closely with M$.  We are currently life cycling our PKI environment and our M$ rep has been onsite.  Anyway, I went to lunch with him the other day and he stated that within the next year or so that M$ would just start auto-upgrading any non Win10 devices.  So with that, i got Win10 with my latest build.I didn't uninstall first, would that be recommended?
Strange, never had anything like that with my 970. And I really notice stuff like that when they happen. And yes I'm borderline poorfag, plannig on getting a second 850 though, fuck hdds, I want a silent pc and it's pretty silent right now. Btw update your speccy pic, speccy now detects skylake cpu models. I'm also planning on getting a second monitor, or maybe a higher hz one so I can play muh shooters a little smoother.
and he stated that within the next year or so that M$ would just start auto-upgrading any non Win10 devicesBull. Shit.That crap would never roll to anyone, would be technically illegal, and would just end with tons of people downgrading back to W7, blocking all the updates, and living happily ever after. Nerds already found out about their sneaky attempts of installing the spynet crap of 10 into W7 and 8, and those you could easily eliminate already.
90% of the world isn't paedo, so I guess most people wouldn't complain.
Just what he told me anon.  It sounds unreal I know, but honestly i could see them doing it.
would be technically illegalSo what law would they be breaking?They want to avoid Windows 7 becoming the next XP.
Yep.... Thats how you have to do it now in windows 10 its not guarantee it will fix ur problem, but i was having some minor issues and when i completely uninstalled the old drivers first through device manager under display adapter before installing the new ones it seemed to fix them... Also disconnecting from the net helps too so windows doesnt automatically try to download them again while your installing.
They want to avoid Windows 7 becoming the next XP.it already is just that.Just when people started adapting 7, they already came out with the new, shittier systems that just don't work. Almost every active PC user and gamer favors W7.Besides, the OPTIONAL, FREE "update" from W7 and 8.1 was supposed to end next summer, after which you were supposed to buy W10 if you really want it. That rumor would mean MS' would be giving up some huge profits.
ok I'll uninstall everything under display adapter and reinstall the drivers, see if that helps, thanks anon.
Just tried that and my issue seems to be resolved.  I'm gonna hold off on downloading the latest game day driver.  Fucking nvidia...
In the future friend, people who say you should always have the latest drivers are autistic. There is literally no point in updating display drivers unless there is already something wrong, e.g. a new game release not performing, etc.
yeah I think I'll only upgrade unless I need to.  That shit was annoying, glad it's fixed though.
How much did you spend?Jesus.
I got some new monitors too. So after that right around $2K. I got almost everything on sale except my CPU and mobo.
, 
Is a 980 Ti  worth it at this point? I'm struggling to record 60 fps with Fraps on the 780 Ti  playing Fallout 4.
its worth somewhere between 580 and 630 dollars depending on the model
frapsFucking retard
not using shadow playnvidia cardCum in my butt faggot
Fraps
YBBSMGet OBS and stream to file, if you're not just streaming to a site like a normal fucking person.
Why use fraps ? Its like the botnet of recorders.
4-7, 2016SILICON VALLEYJust wait for Pascal
frapsdude what the fuckis it 2005 ?
Who's this semen demon
OBS has no settings for uncompressed file save you fucking mongrel. DXtory is what you want with lagarith codec
That's pretty good for a graphing calculator.
i laughed, audibly
Who is this baboon coon ?
basicaly she is publicly treathening unnamed others with a firearm, does not show much capacity of logic or intelligence, and so should be considered a danger to herself and others around her
F R A P S   F             S    F                F   F R A P SR                R             P     R R           R          CA                 A            A     A    A       A           UP                 P           R       P       P   P           NS P A R F   S P A R F       S            S             T
Fuck you too 4chink
fraps are you shitting me? use shadowplay, you have a 780ti
Just her, or the whole race?
/v/
Why in the fuck would you want an uncompressed video file of gameplay? The fuckhueg filesize is not even close to being worth the almost indiscernable quality difference, and if you're uploading to YouTube later, you'll hit the filesize limit, anyway.
How new are you exactly?
1 and a half years, so yeah, I'm pretty new actually.
you record uncompressed because you can then edit it  compress it, then when you upload it, youtube will compress it again because youtube a shit, and the final product wont look like crap
record uncompressed edit and waste copius amounts of time compressing anyway yootoob is duh broblemOr, you know, just don't compress an already compressed file after editing... Even the big boys on yt use obs or X split and it looks fine. Content  quality, anyway. Stop being autistic
Fraps is crap, even the older hypercam is better.
Fraps
No she's threatening to make herself uglier.  If shoots a pistol that close to her face the slide is gonna fucker her up when the recoil pushes it back.
DXtory is what you want with lagarith codecI disagree
There are already some very good free calculator apps available on smart phones that can match the features provided by a TI calculator, so I don't think it makes good sense to buy one unless you're absolutely sure.The exceptions are if you really need a graphical calculator for exams or other situations where you won't be allowed to use a smartphone calculator app. TI calculators also have the advantage of an entire user interface and wealth of buttons to facilitate calculations, whereas a phone touchscreen will be more cumbersome and limited in terms of space. Here are three important questions to ask yourself:1. Will you have a long term need to perform complex mathematical calculations? Not just for school but for university and even your job afterward.2. Will you be working in an environment where using a phone would be forbidden or inappropriate?3. Will you be using it on a regular basis to underpin your learning, or will it just be a one-off need?Hope that helps. As a final note though, as good as the recent TI devices are, I don't think any of them will run fallout 4. Fallout 1 should be possible but I don't know if anyone has ported it over.
Previous thread: Other business laptops are also welcome in /tpg/ e.g. Dell Latitude/Precision, HP EliteBook/ZBook.If you're looking for purchase advice, READ THE BUYERS GUIDE FIRST. Then post, stating budget and requirements e.g. size and performance.Don't buy anything OTHER THAN T, X AND W SERIES if you want the Real ThinkPad Experience™Recommended models:T420 - 14", normal sizeX220 - 12.5", lightweight----No news.----Why ThinkPad? also applies to other business laptopsThey’re really cheap when you buy a used one.Keyboards feel excellent while typing yes, even the newer ones.Great durability thanks to the inclusion of rollcages and use of glass fiber reinforced plastic for the chassis. The keyboard is splash proof and spilled liquids will drain out.Utilitarian design - e.g. indicator LEDs, 7 row keyboard layout on older models.Docking solutions that easily turns your laptop into a desktop.Easy to repair, upgrade and maintain thanks to readily available service manuals for almost every model. Spare parts are easy and cheap to obtain.The best trackpoint that red thing on the middle of the keyboard. Great for those who type a lot or hate swiping their fingers all over a touchpad.Excellent GNU/Linux & *BSD support.----Used ThinkPad Buyers Guide:discount for new ThinkPads USA only, usually 15%+ off:- Info on ThinkPads and running GNU/Linux on them:service guides w/ tutorial videos:
If anyone has Lenovo Solution Center installed, UNINSTALL IT NOWthe Lenovo Solution Center creates a process called LSCTaskService, which runs with SYSTEM privileges. This process runs an HTTP daemon on port 55555, which allows HTTP GET and POST requests to execute methods in the LSCController.dll module. This component includes a number of unsafe methods, including RunInstaller, which is designed to execute arbitrary code from the %APPDATA%\LSC\Local Store directory. This directory is created for each user that logs in to an affected system. The user can write to this directory, regardless of whether the account has administrative privileges on the system. This vulnerability can allow a standard local user to execute arbitrary code with SYSTEM privileges."tl;dr: visiting a webpage with Lenovo Solution Center can result in your machine being completely compromised
Just picked up a t420 with a 1600x900 display, 9cell battery, and a 4200M Quadro, with 4 GB of ram upgraded to 12 with a spare 8 GB stick and a 320GB hard drive, which i upgraded to 1 tb. All of this for $95 off of e-bay. Feels great!
1 TB HDDI'd rather have a SSD.
Does anyone with Sandy Bridge or earlier Thinkpads have issues with Flash being a gigantic processor hog? The 2720QM in my W520 is running around 35% when just watching run-of-the-mill 480p videos, and it struggles with anything 720p and above. No issues decoding 720p or 1080p videos, even in VLC. I've got the Quadro 1000M card. Meanwhile, my desktop with an AMD FX-8320 and an R9 270X about a year and a half old now doesn't seem to be having any problems. But fuck me dead, it shouldn't take an octacore processor and a massive dual-slot video card to make sure fucking flash can run fine.
I should clarify: there are no issues decoding non-flash videos stored on a hard drive. HTML5 seems to be working fine too.
Got a x230 with an i5, 8GB RAM and 320GB, IPS screen and looking like new, without charger.For 220€.Strangely, the Windows Pro version it comes with is Win8 32 bit.Good catch?
32-bit Windows8 GB RAMWho the fuck makes these decisions?
In what waters were you fishing anyway?
Strange as fuck, I know.The thinkpad is swedish, you never know with those guys.Ebay.
The only SSD I have on hand is a shitty 64 GB one from a few years back.
I was just gonna ask is there any drivers that I should bother downloading that windows botnet didn't automatically do for me already? The only thing I found that doesn't work so far is the tablet physical buttons and the mic mute button on my new x220t
can someone explain to me how to set the finger print part on the X220i
google the symptoms and see if anyone else has this problem?
Have a T530 that I acquired for free. i7, 128GB SSD boot, 256GB SSD in the ultrabay, 16GB ram, and the dedicated GPU. Two things: I'm considering getting the back-lit keyboard, as this build omitted it. Should I play the EBAY lottery and hope for the best, or should I reference the FRU part number and just order direct from Lenovo? Also, anyone have any experience with the back-lit option on a T530 or similar? Worth it, or ThinkLight mater race? 2. Internal mSATA SSD worth? I have no investment in this machine other than the Ultrabay adapter carriage for it's second SSD. Overall, this thing is a goddamn gem, and other than my desktop, it's my daily driver. Especially since it was free.
HD+ display and 8GB RAMyou scored pretty wellMaybe it was set up with 2 or 3 GB originally with a 32bit windows install when it came from factorythese computers have the same specs, why is this one cheaper? Ill buy it!Probably had a 32bit iso and didn't know it during reinstall.I wouldn't go for the eBay lottery unless you are looking for parts machine via machine type but it would suck if the keyboard had gotten swapped.Since you got an SSD in the ultrabay, fuck it get a third!The backlit keyboard is much more useful than the ThinkLight.It depends what OS you have, because my Win7 T60p didn't like to turn off the display on the LCD and it would be bothersome to use thinklight on for reading books because the screen would be too bright.whereas the X1C3 running mint will let me turn off the display.I forget which other laptops I had where it workedRIP ThinkLight
Damn. Meanwhile I'm eyeing this for like $175 more I guess I should go for an auction instead?...
Enjoy your shit keyboard
this a good deal
these computers have the same specs, why is this one cheaper? Ill buy it!W-what?
What do you anons think is the best convertible laptop/tablet for a CS student? I've been looking at the x230t but I'm not sure if it's gonna be too outdated or if the digitizer is going to be good for taking notes in math classes
Does anyone with a W520 have issues waking from sleep? My computer is fine if it's only in sleep mode for 30 minutes or less, but after that it will refuse to wake up. The fan will spin, but the sleep LED will still be illuminated. I'm wondering if it has something to do with the colorimeter.
Bitch please.Too pricey"good battery health" can be a 2 hour battery to a 6 hour one, so unless they have the Wh life thats 5/6th from the original I would be dissapointed.Sometimes it may just be missing a fingerpoint reader or backlight.Its funny to see 32bit T420's on sale from Lenovo.Outdated?It should be working fine for Windows 10.The digitizer should be good, it might depend on the program.The default program for Windows 7 sucked when I used it on my X61T, but I have piss drunk punk writing.The Twist S230 had poor performance, its underclocked processor sucked.Maybe you want a refurb Yoga 12, 14 or 15 from eBay.
I will thank you.It comes with everything, fingerprint reader, webcam, etc. Only things lacking are the backlit keyboard and the charger.I think the cheap price for european standards anyway were due to the lack of charger, I think.
Oh, and the battery is a 9-cell by the way.
I'd say thats a pretty good deal.I paid a bit less from a M$ authorized refurbisher, but yeah that is a pretty damn good deal, I bought a bulk of four X230 with 4GB RAM, 500GB HDD, 2.4GHz CPUs, I rolled the dice on them being IPS and good condition battery.Two were IPS, I sold the IPS models for $350 and the TN for $280 iirc.
how much did you paid the bulk of 4?  What's the profit margin?
The tablet versions have lower battery life.
I have any problem putting this in my T420s, swapping some keycaps and setting it as Latin American layout? Can I just swap the keycaps around to make it a normal qwerty?Basically I fucked up, I was cleaning all the food crumbles and cat fur between the keys and broke the middle trackpoint button and lost the rubber things beneath the trackpoint mouse buttons.
Can't you just find the FRU for the hue version?
I paid shy of $780 after taxesThe profit margin was shit, it ended up like $60 per laptop after fees...-_-I paid $600 for a T420, T510, T430 and T430sI sold the T430s locally to a bitcoin bro who was all about pirating off his 4G LTE Note 2T420 sold for $240 before fees, $180? for T510, T430 for $232.Shitty for a business, meh for a hobby.
yeah definitely as a hobby.  I flipped two thinkpad for about $150 in profit and i'm not paying taxes on those haha....NSA probably listening to this right now.
Nowhere to be found.
just bought an x220 off ebay for just shy of £120. Was supposed to be a 4GB RAM, 320GB HDD, i5 machine.I think they fucked up and send me one with a 128gb MSata SSD and 8gb RAM. I got lucky, just ordered a 9 cell battery for it. Does anyone know if I can use a Slice battery with the 9 cell and if so how long is the battery life roughly?
Yeah, I'm probably fucked, but gotta try anyways.right now I'm going to hope to sell 6 X1C2 i7 motherboards for $50 each, paid a little over $150 for em, a few might make more.
took seconds to find on page 136
yet the product codes for purchase are nowhere to be found with the exception of some half broken mexican page
what fru do you want to buy
tfw 2TB HDD and 500GB mSATA SSD in x220t
How is the T420 1600 x 900 screen to the hp elitebooks 8460P WVA 1600 x 900?Also, how is the T420 1366 x 768  screen compared to the elitebooks 8460P 1366 x 768 screen.I'm leaning towards the 8460p, but convince me otherwise. Especially since the 8460p has dedicated graphics. Thanks!
Hell yeah m80, everyone loves lower speeds and extra storage on a fucking laptop.
How many RAM modules do you have? I was having issues with my W520 as well, it would wake from sleep but I'd get a BSOD shortly thereafter. I had two 4GB modules, both of which were installed in the slots under the keyboard. I rearranged them so that one was in the bottom keyboard slot and the other was in the left-hand slot of the bottom memory door. We had dual-core units at work and this is the setup they used, so I just did the same for the quad core which I presume you have. For some reason this solved the issue. I have no clue why it worked, maybe someone else can shed light on the issue.
Sometimes RAM gets loose, possibly all it needed was to be reseated. Dumb but it happened to my friend's desktop that is stationary.Did you run memtest on it?
I can't remember if I ran memtest or not but I would be surprised if I didn't. This happened at least a year ago, I just remembered the solution because I was at wit's end trying to solve the issue.
It's hard to find a x220 with IPS and a SSD for a non-autistic price on eBay
now i keep watching youtube videos about thinkpadsfuck you guys
GNU/Linux
You should maybe get one. Get the big one. It's fuckhueg.
Is there any screen mod for the x230?
a good one if you haven't seen it already
Anybody know?Also, I can get a thinkpad for $95, pretty rough condition, no power adapter or hard drive cover. Where can I get both? Or at least tell me a decent price for both. Also, what is the average price for a t420 battery? Thanks.
You can get almost any parts you need on ebay for a reasonable price. Go for genuine whenever possible, knockoffs are cheaper but they don't last as long. I got a knockoff charger with my T60 and it was shit. The cord length from the laptop to the brick was ridiculously short and it broke after a year of use. Never again.Make sure you do the math to see if you're actually going to save money by buying a fixer-upper instead of a better-maintained unit. I was considering a T420 in absolute shit shape for like $80 but it was totally barebones and the cost to get it fully functional again came out to ~$150 if I supplied my own RAM, HDD, and didn't replace the damaged chassis. I looked around a bit more and found a fully-equipped unit in better condition for $180 and went with that instead.
doing hoodrat shit with my dankpadAlmost time to pack up and head back to civilization, feels bad man
I'm looking for a replacement IPS screen for my x220. There's been a big pressure spot on mine for years and I'm tired of looking at it.Which vendor is best for replacement ThinkPad parts?
The cheapest listing on eBayIt's all the same shit anon.
I just wanna see a T430 and X230 in person. Only then will I be able to decide which to get.
Do you value portability or screen real estate moreThat's the only question you need to answer.
day in the life of a windows usersmug.jpg
Just got given two T42 oldpads that have been sitting around for however long at my parent's place.One seems to have a number of things to fix but the other work fine.what do?
Yeah. It's working, but it was in complete trash condition. I didn't get it.Now I'm wondering. T420 or 8460p. Ugh the choices.
Do any of them have a screen resolution higher than 1024x768?I have one that my friend gave to me when my HP craptop died in second year university two months out of warranty of course. Aside from the shitty XGA resolution it's a great laptop, and the build quality is unreal. Absolutely destroys anything made after the T60; the build tolerances make the T420 look like a bag of shit-covered nails in comparison. I still use it to this day for Brood War LAN parties, but man, dat resolution is so limiting.
Is this the best there is?
DELETE THIS
Well at least if I get struck by lighting, my porn will be safe.
is it lucrative to sell laptop motherboard, particularly new laptop boards?
Anyone here familiar with Coreboot? I'm considering installing it on my T60, I'm kind of worried about compiling from source and flashing a shitty build because they don't seem to offer any sort of "stable" release. Any major downsides to Coreboot? Specifically with the T60?
Downside is that the NSA will  no longer keep you company in your bios
if you did what price are you willing to pay?  or what i'm trying to say is what is a good price in your opinion for a x220 with ips and ssd? Let's throw in 8gb as well.
What do you people use all that storage for? I didn't even reach 50% on a 256gb ssd after 3 years of usage
 Sata II ssd speedsKek
Does anyone know how to get the volume keys working on the T420s in a fresh minimal install of Debian? Thanks
 knows about nothing but continuous speedsKek
Korean Autism Educational Moving Pictures
Probably screen real estate but will the shitty screen ruin it either way? It's why id like to see it in person but idk. I already have a desktop pc but ill probably be programming from the laptop and the x230 might be too small but maybe not.
Check your hardware compatibilty. You might be able to flash libreboot, which has stable releases available.
No such luck. The resolution is certainly isn't favourable but it should be livable.The speed is still a killer though because it almost feels like it's been downgraded with how slow it's going, so what kind of performance do you think I could see out of it with a few upgrades? or would it just be cheaper to go with something else?This is my first real experience with a Thinkpad other than using it
I found what the problem is, it seems to be bad RAM. When I took one of the modules out, the machine would come out of sleep just fine, even after a few hours. When I reintroduced it, the same problem occurred. When I used it as the only module, the problem occurred again. So it seems like I have one good 8GB SODIMM and one bad 8GB SODIMM.Guess I'm going to have to go ask for a discount from the seller now...
Do you Bob your head around like a maniac while using a laptop? Do multiple people frequently need to crowd around your screen from many different viewing angles? If not, the TN panel is fine. An IPS would be nicer but the TN is fine.
I'm not really sure, most of the time people here say how they found one with all that for like $200, but I've never seen anything close to that yet. They seem to be more $350-600. I probably wouldn't pay more than 400
No luck on that, my T60's LCD panel isn't supported by libreboot, it's one of the 1024x768 ones.  Apparently it works if I leave the proprietary blobs in, but all the installation guides on the net for the T60 are specifically for libreboot.
Movies, gaymes, hoarding wallpapers, and weird porn.
I would of let anyone try the ones I had, but they are gone and I can only think 1 anon and 2 TPF members who are in San Diego.
Asia specific 235 aside X300What sucks about the T4x models is that, you'll need a discrete board to do a panel upgrade, and when you do, you'll need to get the correct LCD cable for it.R5x are more picky about cables as well, not swapable like the Z/R/T6x series.Hard to define that it is new unless you are Lenovo or its still in its packaging.That being said, at my recycler job we have gotten new items that we will open to inspect and they are sold as new old stock or new open box.The problem with new mobos is that less people probably broke them, and they are on warranty if anything.What are you using to flash onto libreboot?
T60 doesn't need a beagleboard to flash it, only need one if you fuck it up and brick it.
I bought a used x200 battery, after having some problems with a chinkshit one.The main "problem" so to speak is that it only holds 62% of OEM capacity 58 Wh full vs 93 Wh OEM.The seller accepts unconditional returns for 14 days, but I'd have to pay shipping. I paid $23 for it.I was expecting more like 75-80 % capacity, or at least 70%. At this point the 9 cell only has the capacity of a 6-cell, despite the fact that it bulges out, adds weight to the laptop, and throws off the center of gravity.My dream battery would be something along the lines of an OEM 4-cell with 3400 mAh Panasonics, but I don't want to spend the $150 for a new one and I don't have access to a spot welder even if I could find a used one to fix up.Would you keep the battery? Return it and try to find a better one? What would *you* buy? If you have links to ebay items in the $50 range I'd be interested, as it looks like I'll have to increase my budget a bit.
i only buy brand new oem batteries because i am not retarded
 well look at mr. moneybags hereThat's cool, I guess. So you order them direct from lenovo at $150 a pop? What model do you have?guess I wouldn't really think twice about it for a new $1000+ laptop, there's a bit of a mental block at spending that kind of dough on a core2duo.Was kind of hoping for a Deus Ex Machina to swoop in and recommend me either a verified good brand of chink batteries or a seller with proven low-cycle batteries or something.I guess this what I get for buying into the meme
$150I got a 9 cell for my x230 off amazon for 80desu senpai desu senpai you shouldn't be buying anything but garbage chink batteries for your garbage old c2d laptops unless you get lucky on ebay. the lowest i paid was 20 dollars for 3 t4* batteries still sealed in oem packagingjust carry an adapter with you like i did
might get lucky
T42build qualityhehMake sure you don't pick it up by the corners, otherwise you'll crack the GPU.
tfw not lucky
it used without a battery. Maybe I got lucky though and this one or the other used battery I've got on the way is included.I'd heard of the recall but hadn't considered that it might cover these used ones though, thx dude
I would personally not use the T42 on a daily basis, it's just far too slow to accomplish anything meaningful. It was getting to the point of being obsolete when I got mine in 2011, nowadays it's useless for anything other than 720p 8-bit Chinese Cartoons. It doesn't even play well with 10-bit.I was briefly thinking about upgrading the diaplay but decided against it because... no point, really. I picked it up by the corners all the time in the 2 years I used it. No issues.
class="quote"$34 bucks for a new Lenovo 9 cell
Those feedback ratings worry me.
Seller seems to shift huge volume - higher chance of getting bad feedback, also they've been around for 18 years now so they can't be that bad.Ebay always sides with the buyer so you'd be fine.
not lucky :^My guess is the resellers would check every battery that comes into their possession, but it was worth a shot. Got to slip in a cheap shot about Superfish into the "why aren't you using the automated tool" part though, worth it.Well, $43 shipped commiefornia sales tax, but I ordered it anyways. I'm almost a bit suspicious - they have "more than 10" available, at less than a third of lenovo's price? If it's a fake it's a good one, as all the branding is in order and it actually has a serial number on it, unlike many of the other sellers with "new genuine" batteries. Best case scenario it's the OEM factory in china just #YOLOing and running a ghost shift, crossing my fingers.Worst case scenario I get my nuts blown off :^
What's the deal with Thinkpad IPS panels that only display 60% SRGB?Are they 6-bit panels with dithering or do they have horrendous backlighting?
x230t owner here.Best laptop i have ever owned.Sadly these models were never sale on europe, so i had to get this thing from US and it cost me fortune is taxes. Positive things:Parts! I could buy keyboard whit correct layout whitout any mess! Easy access to removable hardware.Screen and it's features. Best "transformer" in the market. Atleast in my eyes.+++much much moreNegative things: Touch errors from time to time. Frame making connection to digilizer?Thermal transfer components hard to access.Some other minor things.
Eh, you didn't research it enough or watch my boring ebay buying guide video.I should redo that...Probably had a 14" modelshit load of sellsalmost two decadesimplying eBay wasn't crazy as shit years backFor fucks sake, if the buyer bought the wrong item and returns it, they'll get a negative feedback and/or get a point taken demon from 100%
Probablyvague answer for a vague questionIPS displays have been on ThinkPads since 2001, but yeah, HP dream color displays are better for the most part
I don't see any videos listed in the OP or on ktgee?Only started coming to this thread after buying into the meme, put in some lowball ebay bids from a local seller and was surprised to actually win them. Didn't realize how much of a hassle new batteries would be. Never had any problems with replacement batteries for other, less popular consumershit laptops. I guess the demand isn't really there so not much incentive to counterfeit some random toshitba.
You think it would be decent for programming on the go? I have a main desktop, but for school a X230 sounds like it would be good but I worry about the screen not being big enough.
Screen size and portability are in direct opposition. There's no magical origami laptop with a 17 inch screen that folds into a macbook air when you stash it in your bag.are you even smart enough to program
So I want a ThinkPad that's libreboot compatible, which leaves the x200, the t400, and the t500. Leaning towards a T series for the screen size, between the T200 and the T400, which generally had the better panels? And is there a significant difference in the build quality between the two models? I can find both models in my area for $100-150 on craigslist but these guys are just bulk selling laptops on there, not really indicating much about the specs. I want an IPS panel if possible. Is eBay possibly better?
Just buy third party, fuck it.My contributions aren't really posted by the dude who does /tpg/Maybe I should bug the ktgee dude to put up my timeline?
Unless you're getting an x series tablet, none of those ThinkPads will have an IPS display.T500 WSXGA+ panel might be good and WUXGA have been goodJust depends if you get the better panel manufacturerstoke of luck At least with eBay those who feel like putting detailed info and machine type info can be more trustedalso fuck craigslist sellers who post 20 ads with all caps and annoying shit
That timeline is very useful. I forgot to save it last time I saw it.also leaves me intensely curious about the japan-only models
Decent atleast.For me 12,5" is perfect screensize for device that travels whit me all day. On the other side x230 t only has 1366x768 panel, so you wont be having massive boards open at once.
Might have to consider an x200 then. I'd take panel display quality over a few inches honestly.
Do you happen to have model numbers for the good panels on hand? A few of these sellers are listing them at least, 2055-7LU for the WSXGA+ panel, etc. Would like to know the WUXGA one.
Out of curiosity, what are the differences between the R-series and T-series of ThinkPads?
Going off this: , both my x200 and my two t60 's support libreboot.I just bought into the meme so I'm not super advanced, but I can tell you my impressions. Of the three, I find myself using the x200 almost exclusively.Weight/portability:  I tend to use laptops on my actual lap, and the x200 is very easy to pick up one-handed by the corner when it's open. I have a desktop at work and don't believe in taking anything home with me, so my x200 is just a home comfort machine. The ability to throw it around without a thought is very nice. I *can* pick up and hold the t60 in many of the same ways but it's much more deliberate and/or I feel like I need two hands when moving it around.It also passed the skateboard test today, which is that I could skate the mile or so to and from the skatepark without feeling bogged down at all. Haven't skateboard tested one of the T60 's yet, but I'm not really expecting it will feel as comfortable. If you typically use your laptop sitting on a desk then this section is probably not as important.
oh, well according to this: both my t60s are incompatible because they have the ATI x1400 . Oh well.I wrote up some other stuff but the gist of it is that the t60 has a poor vertical viewing angle that makes it difficult to read my taskbar at the top of the screen sometimes. Additionally it is much dimmer than my x200 panel. I find the brightness and readability of my x200's screen worth the tradeoff in resolution. Black levels/backlight bleed are my only real complaints about the x200 screen, and those things are only really noticeable on blank loading screens etc. Other than that I don't get any sort of feeling of "cheapness" out of it like I do from some cheap acer 768p notebooks I've tried.
I need to update it, especially some of the Exx1, S4xx.Been setting it back a lot, detailed view and in depth will come soon after holidayWell some tablets have PVA displays, actually I am unsure if they are IPS, maybe AFFSOffhand I don'tfind in page 1920 and it will bring up the WUXGA variants for the T500You may find a W500 a bit easierAlthough I haven't had a WUXGA panel, I did swap LCDs from T60 and T61s to T400 and 500's.The panels work but the LCD cables are different for the T4/500R series had less features, though some can be optimized as a T series counterpart, T series was top of the line, R was budget and similarDefinitely not shit tier as an E series, but way better than an L seriesOn the bottom they used toughened plastic that was thick rather than the thinner magnesium frame.Autists here believe R series is shit, but quite a bit enthusiasts believe the R series is just as rugged or even more than a T version.With that said, R3x and R4x were made by AcerI think the guys did mobo swaps with R5x due to chassis flex.I had a 14" widescreen R61 that I loved, shit was a tank and great to type on, just like my 14" 4:3 T60p.Idk it felt better than T61/T400/500, I guess due to the slightly thicker chassis.Maybe it was the key caps but I didn't prefer NMB like everyone else.Also there is so IPS R60, avoid that 15" 4:3 chassis, it's odd.
hdd in a laptop just no.
tfw adapter finally came in so I could pop the mSATA SSD that was lying around in my laptop
tfw thinkpad design and keyboard is really good but not the elder god it is descended from
waar koop ik een denkpad voor een goeie prijs
Get the joint out of your mouth, max.
Were 14" T42 units less prone to the GPU bullshit than the 15"?
Selectric is the fucking King. Model M fags don't even know how inferior their experience is compared to this.
x220, with ips, i5 2.5, 8gb, 120 m.2 ssd, 300 hdd, webcam, fingerprint thing and brand new condition, no sign of wear... for $200 muricunt bucks!  How I do?
Gyatdayum, you've got the boss hog there. It is one sexy keystroke, like the triggerpull on a kalash. At least the model M tried, everything else is either bad or awful.
I paid ~$550 for a similar setup, but that's import tax and middleman salary for me
Probably a /sqt/ question, but it's /tpg/ related too:i'm going to buy used x200, what am i supposed to find inside the box other than the laptop and the psu?
Hopefully whatever accessories they feel like getting rid of and a sketchy diskette cause it was originally a massive brick of foam with two black boxes and some shit you weren't going to read inside.
You have to choose between an outdated model and maybe managing to upgrade the processor or a newer model with a smaller 16:9 screen.The keyboards are average, comparable to mac keyboards but with lower quality plastic that turns shiny with age yes, even the older ones. The traditional key shape isn't much of an advantage. It just adds extra places for dirt to build up. They have a lot of keys, though.Durability should not be confused with invincibility. While the laptop will function, the plastic will be cracked and sharp, the screen hinges may cease to function tablet models, and the battery and lid latches can fail. The internals will survive, but they would also survive in most other semi-rigid laptops ie: old macbook pros with the thicker metal. Your HDD would probably die in a mac due to a lack of shock-absorbing plastic, though.LEDs can be annoying and duplicate functionality already provided by your OS. Good for desktop minimalists, bad for people that prefer info-rich indicators on their desktops over simple blinking lights.Docking solutions add ports, not performance.Probably one of the most annoying laptops to disassemble due to the multitude of screws necessitated by a multi-part plastic/metal design that's also durable. Consider what you intend to repair or replace before waxing poetic about this. Component placement also borders on the retarded. Varies by model. ALL models have a whitelist in the BIOS that prevents the computer from booting if an "unauthorized" device is used. SOME models have fixes, including librebroken^Wlibreboot.Linux users used to fucking with xorg.conf will find dell trackpoints comparable. HP trackpoints are shit, though.Terrible GNU/Linux and *BSD support due to most models limited to intel wireless NICs that need proprietary blobs see: BIOSAll recent models ship with intel vpro, also known as out-of-band botnet. Use at your own risk.Poor cooling. No, really. Thinkpads get hot as fuckthink, then buy
Poor cooling.Yeah, they get screaming fucking hot when you try to play games, but it keeps your fingers warm on cold and lonely nights and does it quietly.
kekGo back to /b/, kid.
More like your lapThe lower part needs more vents. Plastic is bad at dissipating heat.
You some little kek pucciboi? You can't handle the raw power in your lap? Step it the fuck up kouhai.
Hi /tpg/,I need an X series with an IPS screen. What's the best I can do for a budget of $750? Do any X series come in resolutions  1366 x 768 without touch enabled?Thanks bb
x220x230x240x250yes u fag
If you're gonna install a DE it will probably configure it gnome at least. If not then you can use xorg-xev to find out what is associated with the volume keys and use those to set up keybinds in some keybinding program
I'm trying to sell a T430 on Craigslist and I have some guy asking me for the machine serial number. I have no problem giving out the machine type but I am not sure about revealing the S/N. What should I tell him?
give him the s/nthere's nothing he could do with it
like the triggerpull on a kalashsexy is the last word i would use to describe the trigger on an ak
You can't debate that Thinkpads are the AK of the computer world, though
Don't bullyI'm new to this
Warranty fraud or something?
At the doc office. They're using a latitude e7440. Looks pretty nice. Any thoughts on these ? I'm pretty sold on the t530 but I'm still considering others.

You can replace the X200 screen with an AFFS one from a certain Gateway convertible. Much better contrast and viewing angles. Costs $60 for a matte one or $30 for a glossy one you'll have to remove the digitizer from.
well he could book a service call, but the serial no on his machine wouldn't match would it
At least Thinkpad chargers have strain reliefs and don't cost 80-150 dollars. I do agree with you about the LEDs, why does the wifi one need to be constantly blinking every time the radio is turned on?
At least Thinkpad chargers have strain reliefs and don't cost 80-150 dollars. 
Thinkpads get hot as fuckWhen will this meme end?Use it for what it was meant for and it won't.
Looks like I have to pay about a grand for what I want - 4 i5, 8 gigs ram, 12.5in IPS screen in 1620x1080Feels like a bit much? I don't mind saving the extra to get a laptop I can live with for a while but it feels like I should be able to do this for $750 and that $850 model is pretty trash imo
Where did you buy it from?
I once had someone report a PS3 I was selling as stolen by using the serial number I gave them. They tried to use the police to get the fucking thing for free and get me charged for theft under $5000. Thankfully I had already registered the unit with Sony years before the guy filed his report and he ended up being charged with fraud. But had I not taken the time to register I would have been fucked.
Bought it off a friend.
Glad you didn't get butt ram in jail, anon.  That's great to hear.  Good to see the fraud guy got what he deserved.
alright fuckos what's the best 16:9 thinkpad I can get for less than 100bux?
why the fuck you want 16:9?
For watching movies and playing shooters, retard
It was a fucking Indian, I should have known. I never do business with Indians now as a general rule. But yeah, I can see why people would be wary of providing their serial numbers if they truly were paranoid.
chinese cartoons, not having to look at a horrible 16:10 display, etc
shooters on a sub $100 thinkpad
a t420 or x220 that's missing its charger, battery and hard drive would be your best bet
EPP discount:
horrible 16:10 display
Does a T520 with Nvidia NVS 4200M exist? I can only find them on T420s
I am thinking about getting a traditional celluar phone. Just to make my life simpler and have less distractions. The only thing I am really going to miss is drivedroid and duolingo. And possibly instagram because of all the cute azn sloots I follow even though I can always check their profiles on my computer. How long did it take you to get used to it?
I actually have friends, so a dumbphone is not an option. I want to communicate in real time, and not just via calls.
Not having full qwerty makes texting a bitch, and you can't get picture messagesDo you like my new lingerie, anon?Picture related.
You realize you can text on a Nokia 3310 right?
Not having full qwerty makes texting a bitchGet good at T9 and you'll type faster than on a qwerty keyboard.
Calls are as real-time as it gets you idiot…
green bubbles
Also. Please post kawaii cellphones
I would never downgrade to a non-smartphone. If you have any sort of half decent job there's no point.Besides, I'm way too used to all the benefits and useful features of having a computer in my pocket all the time to ever go back.
I didn't actually downgrade from a smarphone but my previous phone broke and I've been using an old nokia lumia for about a month now, waiting for my replacement thanks T-mobilemy experience has been terrible so far:can't shitpost on 4chin/play dumb games in toiletif I want to look up something on the internets quickly I HAVE to turn on my pccan't show meme pictures to friendsthe camera flat out sucks so any picture I take is pixelated as fuck"why don't you have a snapchat, anon?"no useful applicationsand that's just a lesser non-android smartphonesometimes I kinda miss my se w200i though
I have an LG G3 and it's pretty shit. I'm gonna give it one last shot. I'm gonna wait for 6.0, Lollipop is total shit and just wrecked the family. So in the mean time ima ask my sister for her old iPhone 5s since she just upgraded to a 6s, or I'll get a Lumia 640.
WTF I just noticed that Family came out KEK. I ment it wrecked my shit
How long did it take you to get used to it?I wouldn't know Anon because I never "upgraded".But my Nokia 6300 is literally falling apart now. Can't decide what to get as a replacement.I'm tempted to give Moto G a go, but I know I'll regret it.Get good at T9 and you'll type faster than on a qwerty keyboard.Can confirm that. And you can touch type and do other shit on the phone without looking in fact.
Im using a moto g. It's a really good phone. Though camera lacks a bit for epic super hd details, but normal pics are fine.
Seriously considering going back to a dumbphone but I already have a smartphone and I need wifi sharing for my laptop, so it's not really and option right now. I hope dumbphones are not dead by the time I have to get a new phone.
I have a flip phone, 35 dollaridoos on Verizon.3 day battery lifeSignal errywhereOnly get called for important shitI carry a Nexus 7 with me for everything else. I learned to hate being connected all the time. Like how Facebook tells people when you look at their message or when you are online in general.inb4 UHH CAN JUS TURN IT OFFFEvery update turns it back on friend. Snapchat is only entertaining less than half the time. Instagram is nothing but sluts and food. Twitter is the cancer of this country. The list just goes on. When I come home from work, I just want to be myself, by myself. I dont need 30 texts or game invites or targeted ads in my face 24/7. I just use my laptop and my tab.
I got my first smartphone 4 years and ended up not using it for anything but calls, texts, and playing media from an SD card. My next phone will be a 3310, although I might keep my current one as a music player.
yes
I miss razrs ;_;
m-muh le friends xDNope, my smartphone doubles as music player and I like the ability to browse interwebs anytime I want. If it were only for a calls I guess I would downgrade but overall smartphones are just too damn useful.
Snapchat is only entertaining less than half the time. Instagram is nothing but sluts and food. Twitter is the cancer of this countryTruu :
Going to do it soon, as I realized that VOIP at home and prepaid minutes for emergencies would be more cost effective, going to use my old Razr that I kept around.  Not being part of the cell phone botnet will be nice as my phone will be off all the time and I can just throw some paper between the contacts on the battery and the contacts on the phone.
cell phone bot net freePick one
botneton a device with no power
he really believes this
Did you miss the part where it's going to be without battery power?  Only times I've actually used a cell phone to call when I wasn't at home in over a year were a couple calls when my car broke down and one call from work about a used moped that could have waited until after work, so in the event that I did have to use it all someone is going to be able to get is where my car broke down and that I'm calling a tow truck/taxi..
B-but Stallman said ....
Should I just get an old BlackBerry ?
Brief participation in the botnet is a preferable alternative to walking 10 miles home half asleep carrying a toolbox that I don't want to leave in my car for someone to steal at 9:00 PM after working a 12 hour shift lifting boxes all day plus 1-2 hours of working on my car.
I upgraded from a dumbphone to no phone at all.  Privacy  convenience.
I've owned pretty much every type of phone, and it's my opinion that the BB 9780 is the greatest phone ever made for it's time. It's awesome.
Oops..pic related
I never owned one.
You don't understand what botnet means. Educate yourself kid.
was meant for
Lots of luddites and small minds downgrade.  It makes them feel smart I guess.less distractionsOr have self controlI used to see that dumb shit posted by minimalism faggots, "less is more"... less is more if you're unable to control yourself.  More is more if you can control yourself and use the device for what you want.  I guess minimalism must also refer to a minimalist mind, as in not having anything upstairs so you have to spend all this time and effort limiting yourself so you don't get confused.GAEMSFAGBOOKDumbphones come with java games and some of them have browsers you can use to get on fb.  ohhhh I went all contrarian there didn't I.  You probably aren't reading this post anymore so I can put a hitler or two in it.  Anyway, smartphones are great for business apps and wifi tethering.  You can also parrot the MUH TRACKING maymay hitler but using that same retard luddite logic you'll get tracked on both.
I Downgraded from having 1 Iphone 6S plus and a Galaxy S6 edge to having a BlackBerry Curve and an old nokia, blackberry just for whatsapp
3310downgrade
I'm planning on getting one of those neat flip-smart phones. Not a huge downgrade, but it's enough that it'll help it be less of a distraction.Plus, I prefer the flip form factor.
Sould I get a Nokia N9, /g/?it's like 90€ on Ebay now
the software and UI was a shit, but the device itself is so sweet
Best phone.
Does it support WPA2?
Not having discipline to use your phone with moderationUnless you have absolutely no self control there is no reason to use a "dumb" phone instead of a smartphone.
N O K I A 1 0 0OKIA100
guise, my 808 is dying. i only see samshits, otherdroids and ishits. what is a gentleman to do in a phonecape dominated by consumerism and planned obsolescence?what is a good phone these days? fuck apps, but checking mail+web+music is nice, as well as a nonshit camera.
Am I missing out on not ever using Snapchat? I thought you were all spergs, why are you using teenager technology?
Just get one with tethering and carry a phablet for checking your sloots.
I live in a city outside of America. Having Google maps is essential.
T9 is pretty damn fast for anyone not born after the late 90s.And most modern dumbphones can receive MMS pics.
Please post some instagram azn names, you'll have my gratitude.Also i'm planning on a downgrade too, i'm beyond tired as fuck of these virtual keyboards and i wear slim/fit clothes so i wouldn't mind smaller devices that don't look like a bulge in my pockets
went back to my sony ericsson c510.a lot o fold phones are gsm only and won't work in these 3g/4g infested times
I did.I use Nokia C7 which I use for personal stuff.And Nokia X2 which I keep for work.
Instagram is nothing but sluts and foodThen you must be using it correctly.Any profiles you care to share?
lol u ok there buddy?
Sperg teens
I wish I could, but my boss would be pissed.*I can use my laptop if I really really need pictures or video.* Not that that they fucking pay for any of the phone that I use for work. But that's another story.
flip pnones are better than 'nokia' type phones, when opened are long enough to have comfy reach from moung to ear, can't unlock keyboard by accident /very easy/frequent to happen with samsung, harder with nokia/ because it is inside it's comfy shell,protected
I'd miss shitposting in the designated street and navigation.
It is possible to post on 4chan from Nokia 6300 with Opera Mini.Granted, with captcha it's a massive pain in the ass copying and pasting the captcha code after solving, but I did do it a couple of times just to see if it's possible for myself.I wish they would mark the Moto G versions clearly, the current state like 6? different generations/versions confuses the fuck out of me and I despite doing research on cancerous mobile review sites.Also I have my DSLR for pictures, so I don't care all that much. Everything will be a great improvement over the 2mpix runny shit camera the 6300 has.
This is the only smart answerOP, just realize you are as ridicoulos as those hipsters who still use walkmans and cd player b-but you can still send sms..LOLOL
Yeah, X1-00 here. 90 days battery life, I don't really miss my iOS/android days.Only thing is I still have a lot of OTP/2factor shit connected to one of my old devices, which actually works out well for security since I don't carry it.
Just to make my life simpler and have less distractionsYeah phone is not the cause but consequence.I've tried all that, using phones like 15 years old Motorola Startac, getting rid of my computer.Shit just didn't work for me but try it, maybe it'll work for you.
2G network is still up and running, only the oldest phones like from late 90's can run into issues.
I use 'SelfKontroll' and "not-add-retards" also helps
I agree with this man. It was such a great fucking phone.
Just to make my life simpler and have less distractionsThat says more about you than your phone. You probably smoke too?
Just make sure it supports E-GSM for GSM networks of course. A lot of devices other than phones still use E-GSM so supported won't be dropped anytime soon.
I use the same one.its great.
tfw i could literally talk to someone and type a message under the table with T9tfw you can't type without looking on a touchscreentfw i bought a blackberry with a qwertyfeels good man
Downgraded to Motorola Droid 4 some time ago, well worth it
Yes, I swapped my Nexus for iPhone
walmart and amazon sell 808s for like 150 dollars.
Get a Nokia 8210, they are the best phones from that era. Old enough to have nothing but GSM tech for comms. Thats all you need.I actually use an iPhone 5S still on iOS 7, but also have an 3310 and some £20 Samsung thing which is basic as hell.Got to laugh at all these guys suggesting phones that have FACEBOOK apps, colour screens, flip phones and qwerty keyboards.filename
Damn. The amount of screens I fixed on those...
hipsterlatest iphonehipsterolder phonefucked if you, fucked if you don't. Either way OP just do what makes you happy.
had a Motorola razr up until last yearPeople gave me shit but that thing was like an original brick Gameboy in the damage it could soak up. Screen was tiny as fuck but I could still get nudes.
They'll never be deadFlip Phones are still very popular in Japan of all placesThey'll always keep producing them for 3rd world countries
good goyim
life simpler and have less distractionsChange yourself, not your phone.I used to want the same thing. I realized it was much better to change my habits, because they'll prevail regardless of my technological choices.I've pretty much withdrawn from technology, I got plenty new activities taking me away from computers, and in the end, my smartphone is only useful to check train and fight times, keep track of events, and as a GPS. Oh, and a phone obviously.I can't get rid of it entirely, because I still actually need it, and I would regret it. But I'm definitely free from technology now, and I'm pretty much a slower version of a normie, as I don't give the slightest fuck about social networks.
there is no reason to use a "dumb" phone instead of a smartphone.Real ButtonsGood Shape that doesn't hurt your handBetter GripNo planned obsolescenceGood Aesthetics because it doesn't have to be ridiculously tallFits your pocket betterFar more durable
Yes.
HEY SHERLOCK HOLMES WHAT'S UP? MR.4CHIN PSYCHOLOGIST HERE? IS THAT YOU SIGMUND FREUD???? FUCKING FAGGOT
them godtier aestheticswhatever happened to phones man?smartphones look like garbage
Fucking kek
Downgraded from a smartphone to a feature phone when I quit my job and had to give back my company phone.I only used it once or twice a day, and mostly to read e-mails.But I miss my smartphone far more than I thought I would.
Ancient Nokia master race.
and battery that lasts a full week at moderate use
that old nokia logomaximum comfy
This: Why the fuck someone who can use a pocket computer-phone with high resolution screen and internet would use an ancient phone??Op fuck off with your hipster bullshit starting the same thread every day.
itt massive hipsters that girls laugh at.
Battery life?Just use your tablet or ultrabook for everything else.
I get 2 days and 7 hours of on screen on my z3c, why I would need more if I could charge it even every day?
this
old phoneshipster bullshitnot smartphonesAnd the award for the most retarded post of the day goes to...
, 
, 
I have a Compaq Mini, Intel Atom, 2G RAM, 160G Hard Disk. I want to install a lite linux distro because I tried with Ubuntu, OpenSuse,and Mint and they run very slow. Now it has Lubuntu and goes fine but the menu on LibreOffice and other software are messy, the chars of those menues items melt each other. So as a fag who does not know much about lite distros I ask you for any recommendation.
Damn small linux
Puppy, Damn Small Linux, Linux Lite, Bunsen Labs, Tiny Core, etc.
Puppy or, preferably, LibrePup
Arch with XFCE if you need a WM. If not, use something like i3.
You can try other distros but it won't change much, your PC is slow and you have to deal with that, your best alternative would be to switch to other less demanding programs
If the GPU is GMA 500, throw it away.
I tried with Ubuntu, OpenSuse,and Mint and they run very slowthe chars of those menues items melt each other.linax/b//trash//r9k//mlp/
I use lubuntu, if you're happy with its performance it's probably worth trying to fix the cosmetic issues. Post a screenshot of what you don't like?If you're picky about the aesthetics of lubuntu then you are NOT going to like the other tiny distros that basically just look like 640x480 windows 3.1.
OP here:I deal with these slow specs, and I just want to keep it alive with a browser and LibreOffice, not for serious job working.I use OpenSuse and CentOS at home, but never had use a lite distro. It is a know how for me this time.Now I see some suggestions and will try them all and the new to come on this thread.
Fug, I've got one of those but with only 1gb of memory. Had to use it for uni for a while when I had nothing else, those were dark days.I had mine running crunchbang.
That was helpful really Iwill keep it in mind.
Just got done repairing one of these for someone. Theirs has 1gb of RAM. I put a SSD in it. Then installed mint cinnamon 32bit. It works great. Very fast and snappy. May want to try changing some of the hardware. Lite would work great as well.
Oh hey. That was my PC for years. It's actually pretty comfy when you get it set up with something that works good on it. Used it until the battery controller died and now I use it as a mini fileserver.My recommendation: OpenSUSE with the XFCE desktop it should be an option in the installer. Their default xfce is perfect and it should be lightweight enough for a netbook.
This is the big deal, the menu items melt with each other in several software.
That's an issue with the system language.
Great, I will make that experiment too.
Crux
Jajaja mongolo vete a dormir
Tiny Core for the win.
faggot
OpenBSD'll run great
Have you tried changing the language? Is the resolution below the recommended resolution for the program? If there is one
this, even if he doesn't know what a VM isArchbang would save you time is you're noob to linux, just watch pacman output and read any warning if any, when upgrade
Recommend arch because hard drive spindown and kernel modules will be able to crank the battery life of that thing to some pretty good rates. Plus, you can avoid the trap of a login manager and get laptop-mode-tools up and running 5 minutes after you're finished the installation process.
ChromeOS or ChromiumOSChromiumOS is going to be the better option if you want non-internet based software easy.Even though chrome as a browser is a ram hog, chromeOS is very efficient and lightweight.example, 3 tabs and im currently moving a few gigs of video around in the background and im only using 700mb of ramwhen i disable the chrome browser though it only lasts for a few seconds before starting back up automatically again the OS only takes up about 120mb of ram
Alpine GNU/Linux
SeePuppy will run on pretty much any computer in the last 15 years.
Switch the language to english and take another screenshot. Pic related
if lubuntu is slow, you're out of luck for any legitimate full size distro.
Install Gentoo
Debian net install and only download the bare minimum of what you need.
I changed the language to english and there and is barely solved. It is fine to be in english but I want it in spanish.The resolution is the maximum this thing can handle. With Ubuntu and OpenSuse I had not this issue, so with all your advices I see it is a configuration of the systen and yes I am a newfag with this kind of things on linux. Thjat is why I take it as a challenge to me to learn more about this OS.Be sure I will try these and all the options on this thread, this is why I came here to take suggestions and learn more, and of course to find the best option for this tiny laptop.
It's not even good for that, buy a chromebook already
Lubuntu ffs
NetBSD.
Kawaii :
Autism/10.I love it.
It's the DE you chose that's the problem, not the distros. Plus you'll want to turn off a lot of services you dont need for a single user basic setup sshd, cups etc
Vector Light.
my arch install only uses ~200MB of RAM with awesome wm running iono might work for you
beautiful
Xubuntu would be good as well.Honestly XFCE looks better than LXDE
Actually you are right. If the machine has more than 512mb ram, Xubuntu should be good. It has a lot more functionality out of the box too.
They fucking look exactly the same. And XFCE uses more resources. LXDE fer lyfe , faggit.
this
Linux Mint: Mate . If you can find a 128GB ssd cheap, put it in there. I did that to my acer one and holy shit... it's like a new machine.
Reminder that Crux is really the lightest distro you can get without using some meme shit
Windows 7.Seriously it runs faster on that thing than any of those "lite" distros.
Try debian 7 lite.It takes 56mb after boot, debian standard takes 500-700mb instead
7 lite
linux mintlightfuck off outdated software shillarch/gentoo with awesome/i3 aint bloated outdated shit like mint.
I put xubuntu on one of those and it worked just fine.Can't comment on the long run because I don't use it myself but it was very responsive for the time I was screwing around with it.
Try zorin lite or 10. you want to go deeper, try puppy linux. 
ram usage: xubuntu  lubuntuLXDE is gtk2 for some this is a plusop use something without systemd, it will save you some ram
How do you get putty to run like that?
you can using lubuntu + kernel netbook :D
god you fags are so edgy it hurts
Hehe, you dumb bastard. It's not outdated. It's supported until 2019. Windows 7 too old for you too? And Mate runs great on older systems whilst still having functionality.
And Mate runs great on older systems whilst still having functionality.That's because it's an outdated piece of shit
outdated
Debian netinstall or Arch. Use lxqt, lxde, MATE or xfce. My netbook is still very usable, yours should be fine, especially since it has 2 gigs of RAM.
Well it is
I use Arch with i3 on pretty much all my computers, and I'm here to tell you to fuck off. MATE is great. Stop being a fucking autist.
install an ssd in that bitch. it'll revitalize it.
CAN IT RUN APPLE
Just install Debian with lxde instead of Gnome.
With conemu?What I did was add putty.exe to the conemu path in my case, %localappdata%\Far Manager and then add a new conemu task that runs putty.exe -load profile.It works very well, I don't even have to sign in when pageant runs, I just press Ctrl+S and I'm in.
LXDE was experimenting with porting it to QT a year ago or so, not sure if they finished it yet.
Having a hackintosh as your main OS is not recommended, OP. Get a light weight distro or windows xp
BUT I LIKE TO SUCK COCK AND AM TOTALLY INTO COPROPHILIA
I'm honestly surprised is running slow:I run Win10 on a T100 and its still pretty good unless I have a ton of Chrome tabs going. I would have thought Linux would just sail...
UBUNTU MATE,good distro without hassle or fucking with repos, not retared software, good support and mate it's most stable thing i ever had.Cinnamon x.org just crashed 2-3 times a week, on i5, 8gb
Linux Mint mateUbuntu mateIs this some kind of Aussie invasion on /g/?
It's winbabbies first linux distro week.
Roblox
Oh sorry, MAYBE I HAVE SOMTHING OTHER THEN TAKING CARE OF EVRYTHINK ON M Y SYSTEMI HAVE HOBBIES AND LIFE
kek

, 
All the guts thread but not a single case thread.Working an Aerocool V-touch pro. Oldie but goldie.
Why did you mount your computer in an air conditioner?
holy shitactually I'm taking a dump right now
Outside of old school white/beige sun microsystem cases, Air 240 and the Air 540 are probably my favorite cases.
Fuck,what voltage does that fan run on? 220V? or the US equivalentI'd hardly believe that runs on the 3 pin fan header.
where can i get something like this
I'm still using an Antec 300. Just ordered an R9 390. Hoping it fits.
LG should do only this...
It does actually. I looked it up just for kicks and the side fan spins at about 300 rpm @ 12v.
Okay,this is my case.
300 rpm @ 12vit's the size of an air conditioner fanmfwI wouldn't trust an GTX 560 or anything similar with that,unless it actually blows a fucking huge lot of air.
IIRC it does over 100cfm nearly silently. I'd have to look that silly case up again.
Correction: 400 RPM @ 12v, 250CFM @ 12dBa according to the manufacturers specs
I ordered this caseFractal Design core 3500
12dBaOh boy,that's silent as fuck,literally.Would be a shame if a Geforce FX5900 resided in it. I guess we both know FX5800 and 5900 were leafblowers
Any blower type card would make a system using that case loud as fuck.
Are you Khorne?
Any blower type card would make a system using that case loud as fuck.Any new example? The ol' FX5800 is the only one I know of.OP of that pic and kek.But no,I'm not Khorne.
Which is the most silent case?I have the fractal r4 but it has annoying humming to it.
Well, nVidia's GF100 based fermi cards would certainly do it. AMD's 6990 was almost legendarily loud, those are the few major examples i can think of right now, but in general any blower type once it gets going will get loud. A case like that it'd be better to go third party active or passive cooling.
Anyone know of any cyberpunk-ish cases?
Perl6 hype!Been tinkering around the past month and I can say I am pretty pleased so far. -:What do you guys think?
where can i get that book family
I'm retarded and don't know how to compile an emulator. I've mostly use Windows and only recently dipped my toes into Linux.I ask mercy from the /g/ods to teach me how to do this under Linux Mint 17.2. Its for a PS1 emulator where I only wish to change a single line of code so I can overclock the emulated PS1 CPU frequency.Documentation is here: do
Step 1: Read it.Step 2: Do what it says.Done.
Solid plan, anon.Now the terminal is shitting out errors about missing dependencies.wat do
expecting anything except to be shat on by loser Linux peers
install the fucking dependencies first
Read documentation on how to resolve issues with dependencies. There is likely a special article and dozens of posts for each dependency issue. This is where Google will direct you to the answer.Many answers can be found by googling in the following format:[title of program] [title of dependency]and for more specific results, one can optionally add [title of operating system] to the search for more relevant results.I hope this isn't too hard for you to handle, grandma.
Alright, I'll try that. Thanks.
Is it normal for SVN co to take forever to process?
he fell for the loonix meme
Stealing games is all kinds of messed up friend.
So apparently it is.I got all my dependencies working and checked out the SVN as per the instructions. But now when I do:./autogen.shThe terminal spits out that no such file or directory exists.Here is what I did in order:sudo apt-get install subversion autoconf intltool libtool libsdl1.2-dev libgtk-3-dev libxv-dev libxtst-dev nasmsvn co pcsxrcd pcsxr/./autogen.sh -- Stuck here./configuremakesudo make installwat do
download the source file from here:class="quote" tar xvf pcsxr-1.9.93.tar.bz2 cd pcxr ./autogen.sh make sudo make installI just did it on my arch vm pic related
so I was chilling and my mom brought one of these home with her not knowing what it was.[spoiler] what do? [/spoiler]
3d porn
Play robot adventure! Zoom! Aliens Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
If you have an android phone, download Google camera and take some Photosphere pictures.Also, there's a pretty cool Adult Swim VR app; definitely on Android, not sure about iOS.
See if you're able to view this one. Just download to the phone and open it in the Photosphere section of the Cardboard demo app. Not sure if it'll work though.
I have a Nexus 6p fellas, I'm sure it can handle whatever you throw at me. Recommend away
If you download a desktop mirroring program on phone and PC, and then enable stereoscopic view in Dolphin emulator, you can play games in VR.It's not actually 3D, and there's too much lag to play certain games, but it's still pretty cool
Trying to put together a list of tech memes to not fall for in 2016. Here is what I have so far:Core i7Closed loop H2O coolingH2O cooling on anything other than GPU'sWindows 10Firefox Pale moonDDR4Apple anything but MBPThunderboltRAIDSamsung Galaxy phonesSurface BookAnything else you would add?
GNU and/or Linux
Samsung Galaxy phonescan confirm, garbage. mistakes were made.0/10
slut dress
[your favorite OS]  is pretty shit.
Don't fall for any technology, just keep the same old bullshit you always use=^
SSDs aren't worth it4k Gaming
I just tested IE in windows 10 and it's faster than Chrome, Firefox, or Edge.Am I the only one or did IE just become better than Chrome?
Windows 10You're beyond memes now, friend.
Old thread is near bump limitIntended for users of all levels, including absolute beginners.There are three ways to try GNU plus Linux, you can:1 Install a GNU plus Linux OS on a VM Virtual Machine/VirtualBox for "safety purposes"2 Use the Live ISO directly without installing anything, that way, you can get a "full GNU plus Linux experience".3 Go balls deep and overwrite everything with GNU plus Linux very recommended, for your freedomIf you are serious about switching to GNU plus Linux and if you have Windows dual-booted recommended for pure newbies,we recommend you use it exclusively for 2 weeks, and avoid Windows dual booting for that period of time, or it'slikely you will start retreating back to windows instead of getting used to GNU plus Linux as your new home and working onmaking it feel the way you want it.Recommended for beginners: -SourceMage [Recommended]-Suicide GNU plus LinuxBefore asking, please find the answers to your questions in resources.Please be civil, notice the "Friendly" in every Friendly GNU plus Linux Thread.Understand that much of your software from Windows will be unavailable, although maybe wine can make up for it.Resources:man insert command hereyour friendly neighborhood search engine/g/sqt
What is GNU plus Linux?First GNU plus Linux What GNU plus Linux distro to choose?software does /g/ recommend? Please DON'T include the so called infographic -- refer all your recommended software here.on GNU plus Linux Make it good and functional or make it worse like those at desktop threadsscript designed to ease the transition from Windows to Debian[CREATED BY A FURRY BRONY FAGGOT]We now have an entry in the install Gentoo wiki!No one uses:irc://irc.freenode.org:+7000/FriendlyLinux [CREATED BY SAME FURRY BRONY FAGGOT]
Have been using i3 for a while now, but was wondering, is there any tiling wm that does more of a 'box fitting' rather just container-in-container. e.g.  lets me easily put two half-width windows under three third-width windows?I have no WM experience other than i3

lol ur banned in wiki
ayoI have this bunch of data I want to sort, all good, however, if I pass the head, the head doesn't want to change so the list is sorted but the head still is the original thing. So likeint main {  FileStructure f;  Node head;  //loadFilestring file, Node &head;  f.loadFile"derp.bin", head;    //SortNode* head;  Sort&head}Now, if head was originally "qq", it's still "qq" now, but if I print the entire list from the head node, I do get "qqrrssttuuvv" etc, but not what's supposed to come before. However, if I print the list in the sort function using the passed head pointer, I do properly get "aabbccdd" etc.How do I get around this? I tried making Sort return the head pointer but then I don't know how to make the main head be the newly made head.
awesome can do that and pretty sure bspwm can, although the latter you need to choose where it's going to go a bit like i3.
-SourceMage class="quote"-Trisquel [Recommended]-Suicide GNU plus LinuxHEY MOM LOOK WHAT I DID!!!!!

That was, indeed, a very pleasant read. Freetards need to git gud.
Judy like I was banned like 7 times already on 4chins, bans are meaningless.
Thank you. No idea why I haven't seen that list before maybe my google-fu is weak.Wrong thread m8
Superpleb hereWanna start with Kali, but haven't tried any other Gnu OS's before.Should I?
Why do you want to use Kali?
Start with Ubuntu. And no it's Linux, don't call it GNU. GNU is explicitly defined on 
because i got hacked by someone who booted my pc with itand it comes with a lot of tools i find usefulmy bad
because i got hacked by someone who booted my pc with it and it comes with a lot of tools i find usefulumm what
Kali isn't good for everyday use
well, you wanted an answer, cba to write more.
writing a bunch of gibberish isn't the same as an answer. There is a reason we are asking you why you want to use kali.
Yeah, but I doubt I'll sit and write scripts/code all day if I use any other Linux OS since I just play vidya if I'm on my pc. Again, from what I read, Kali has a lot of nice built-in tools..Either way, I'm a total newb here, is Kali hopeless to begin with if I haven't tested out Ubuntu or Mint?
Either way, I'm a total newb here, is Kali hopeless to begin with if I haven't tested out Ubuntu or Mint?You've been told already. Kali has nothing that you can't install in any other distro. It runs as root and is not meant to be use for everyday desktop use or for writing scripts/code.
Kali has a very specific use If you're completely new most of the tools will be completely useless to you Just install Fedora or stick to Windows
Kali has a very specific use Could you elaborate?

unironically calling it GNU plus LinuxThat's some high tier autism
It's still GNU/Linux, or as I've been calling it, the GNU operating system. The kernel wouldn't exist without GNU, while the GNU tools were widely used before Linux. Sorry deluded kid.
No. The kernel would still exists without GNU. Linus is NOT affliated with GNU project whatsoever. GNU can't make the init, kernel lol, HURD? and whatsoever.
Yeah, exactly.But how hopeless would it be to start with Kali if I haven't tried any other Linux?And help me out here, if Kali is off for me as a beginner, should I start with;MintFedoraUbuntuor anything else?And why?
Ubuntu or Debian
So I want to install Crux on my VirtualboxWhat the fuck do I pick here
You seem very deluded. Linus needed GCC to compile his kernel and the development was made based on having the GNU tools like Bash to compile and run. The popularity of the Linux kernel in the 90s came thanks to GNU/Linux distros, without the GNU tools Linux would have been just another toy kernel.
Just Linux.
Way to ignore all of Linus' points.
So? That's the only thing that GNU can do, using the GCC, bash doesn't make Linus' product tied to GNU project. Nowadays it's irrelevant to call the system GNU/Linux.In modern Linux system, there is not much GNU anymore, the data was in 2011, remember: 2011. Systemd would have taken over GNU's position by now. So it's irrelevant.
so im looking to try out debianthis page, what does standard stand for?is it like text mode or is it GUI
I had to install wl   to get my Wi-Fi to work on Debian.I did that and now it works, but whenever I type "wl" I get a command not found.What's going on? It has to be there because it's working
The base system is still heavily GNU, including the C library, which is arguably one of the more important components in an UNIX system, and the coreutils, and the compiler, etc. You can use Busybox, musl libc and clang if you for some reason hate the GNU project, and call your distro Linux minus GNU or whatever you like, but the reality if that 90 % of the "Linux" distros out there are still GNU-based.
i was trying to find a ''stupid questions general'' thread, but i guess this one will do.is there any reason a casual computer user like me should switch to linux other than to make myself look more 1337? i don't program or code.
Noob here againIs coding in Kali more difficult than in Debian or Ubuntu?Does it really differ?I don't know shit desuJust wanna get straight on the point
So? Do the distros Red Hat/Fedora, Ubuntu, SUSE call it GNU/Linux? No! Because Linux is easier to pronounce and much more marketable than adding "GNU".FSF-GNU is also a laughing stock nowadays. They can't get anywhere near the future, they're stuck in early 90s.
It's called Linux because it sounds cooler. Stop trying to be a hacker
freedomif you don't care, then no
Kali is for hacking shitIf you don't already know how to do that have experience with the tools it comes with it will be useless to you
I thought this was a friendly thread
That doesn't mean we won't tell you to stop doing stupid things.
This is why people shouldn't watch Mr Robot
 Trisquel [Recommended]
Look mom, I posted it again. If you are using Manjaro, You have zero security and zero brains. They didn't even acknowledged their mistake and removed the page. There is a blog post about it on soft Pedia.

 sees mr. Robot.Friendly, not retarded. You aint gonna hack shit, ok ? If you wanna start getting into programming or general computing, follow advices of this thread or, even better, of the general linux comunnity.And just get a babby linux. Is better that a fucking kali. As if any serious pen. tester uses that shit...
pls respond guys
Hey /g/, I installed Kubuntu 15.10 yesterday. Spent the whole day getting nvidia proprietary drivers to work and configuring xorg.conf so that my TV's fucked up EDID was ignored and 1920x1080 was forced. At last, I managed it.But there's still one big problem. Everything looks blurry as shit. Specially the fonts. It's horrible and hurts my eye. Impossible to use for extended periods of time. How can I fix this?
Lubuntu newbie here.Are there any better terminals than XTerm?

Terminator
well the only drawback to xterm is it's slowness.if you're familiar with xterm but want something different try rxvt-unicode.It's almost as featured as xterm but considerably faster
Autist here:Tried dual booting Windows and DebianI already had windows 8.1 installed and I shrinked my SSD's size to make a partition for Debian.I installed it on that 48GB partition but it boots into windows automatically? Boot menu setup from my motherboard doesn't help, whatever option I choose it either doesn't do anything or boots me into windowsShould I just format my SSD and start from scratch?
Yes, without dualbooting. Go full debian.
Need my gaymen senpai
+Richard StallmanStallman has a G+forealz?
No, you don't.what is wine
I tried earlier this year with Linux Mint, and using wine for my steam games wasn't so pleasant. I'd rather make the most out of my system than limit myself to 1 OS.
GNU Plus Linux
I tried upgrading my kernel from 4.2 to 4.3, but now I get a kernel panic with "no working init found" on boot. If I'm interpreting it correctly, grub falls back to init=/bin/sh but this fails as well. I can still boot to 4.2 using the advanced options in grub. Using xubuntu 15.10.I've been googling for an hour but haven't really found anything that helps. How do I go abotu troubleshooting this?

Konsole
Are there any WM's that let me group or pin windows to each other so they move around as one window?
That actually does sound like a nice thing to have.
I think i3 can do it, since it uses containers.At least it should be possible with some hacking.
It's a terminal emulator not a terminal
tmux
Which do you think is more likely, a /g/ troll or RMS having g+ account?
Idk actually, but yeah it seems to be a text mode image, the ISO dir has files that show contents and actual packages if you want to look.you want to try an live-cd or an actual install?
Why doesn't screenfetch show gtk themes, icon theme or font theme?Where does it look it up?
Sounds like an misconfiguration in the post-install hooks for the kernel.Use the 4.2 kernel for the time being and I'd ask in the xubuntu irc channel.Have you done something out of the ordinary on your system?/sbin/init should work, if you want to manually edit the grub entry and try that, but if this happened on a normal upgrade, then I'd ask on irc.You are installing the kernel from xubuntu repos?

Linux looks like shit on my desktop. It looks good on my laptop however. What can I do to make linux look good?
I own the ``stallman'' reddit account.It's shadowbanned tho
great question anon
I'd just like to interject for moment. What you're refering to as Linux, is in fact, GNU/Linux, or as I've recently taken to calling it, GNU plus Linux. Linux is not an operating system unto itself, but rather another free component of a fully functioning GNU system made useful by the GNU corelibs, shell utilities and vital system components comprising a full OS as defined by POSIX.Many computer users run a modified version of the GNU system every day, without realizing it. Through a peculiar turn of events, the version of GNU which is widely used today is often called Linux, and many of its users are not aware that it is basically the GNU system, developed by the GNU Project.There really is a Linux, and these people are using it, but it is just a part of the system they use. Linux is the kernel: the program in the system that allocates the machine's resources to the other programs that you run. The kernel is an essential part of an operating system, but useless by itself; it can only function in the context of a complete operating system. Linux is normally used in combination with the GNU operating system: the whole system is basically GNU with Linux added, or GNU/Linux. All the so-called Linux distributions are really distributions of GNU/Linux!
Why am I not surprised..
jelly?
Why is this so hard?All I want is an encrypted LVM spanning four hard drives. I have Fedora installed as an encrpyted LVM on a 64GB SSD, and I want an encypted LVM of my four 2TB drives for mass storage.All the tutorials I have found are for encrypting your boot drive after you install.
tutorialsRead the fucking manual faggot
Should I use xinitrc or a DM when only using i3? I really can't find the advantage of xinitrc and I like the lightdm login screen
What's the point in a gui to log in?
can't find the advantages of xinitrcmore like can't find the advantages of a DM
just go to the software center and download another terminal emulator...

You guys got a point there but is it really as simple as logon screen vs. few MB's of memory?I now run i3 on ubuntu and trying to get a more lightweight and portable setup on debian so just considering some options while tinkering in VM
Use what you want, what's the big deal? If you like lightdm then use it.
If you like your lightdm login screen just keep using it, this isn't rocket science
I was just wondering if I overlooked some major pro/con of one over the other. Apparently there's not that much to it
I'm on mint and screwing around with bluez, so I'm trying to start up bluez with my own parameters, but it seems mint already has something that starts it up and restarts it if it's killed, so I get this in my dmesg everytime I try killing it:init: bluetooth main process ended, respawningWhat's causing the respawning? Seems like it's something init related?
You idiot. You copypasted the shtipost version that the massive spammer plagued the wiki with.
He's the massive spammer senpai.
I'll admit, the Arch wiki has an excellent page on doing this, but it's also based on encrypting your main drive. Trying to convert all the commands and steps to my situation is very frustrating.What would work better? LUKS on LVM, or LVM on LUKS?
It's the correct version senpaitachi
Shut the fuck up, Topkek420.
Gtfo Morpheus
Make me faggot.
implying i'm morpheus
implying you're notimplying anyone would say that other than that faggot who recommends ubuntu
Am I supposed to download an additional thing for ncmpcpp for the visualizer to work?

how do I install xf86-video-amdgpu on fedora? No it's not in rpmfusion
Here's your you that you've been looking for for past few threads. I'm sorry no one cares what you think
for past*
copr
Xen PCI PassthroughWanted to try this, but if I run the Linux host off integrated graphics and the guest off the graphics card am I stuck needing a monitor for each one?Or stuck needing a monitor switch?
GNU plus Linux No need to get pretentious, boy, it's just Linux.
so I got ubuntu with xfce installed installed the xubuntu-desktop metapackageHow do I fix these ugly as sin fonts on the desktop? Just get a different one?
install/change the icon pack you are using, look in the settings
am I stuck needing a monitor for each one?Pretty much, otherwise there would really be no point in not dual-booting instead.
what's the name of the repo?
Hardly anybody in these threads talks about the kernel
Why does Team Fortress 2 have those horrible lags using Ubuntu Gnome 15.10 and the Nvidia 355 drivers? It's unplayable. The lags seem to go away sometimes when I start a server, let everything load and then join another one, but that's pretty annoying. Any help? I don't have that problem with any other game e.g. Infinifactory or Psychonauts
Hardly anybody in these threads talks about GNU.
Gais, I have a bunch of thin clients Fujitsu Futro S550 with AMD Sempron 1.4 GHz, some 1GB DDR2 and gbit ethernet. Only problem is, they have a 1GB CF card as boot medium.My question: What distro would allow me to install a current browser Firefox or Chromium and still fit on the 1GB CF?I've tried Arch and got all the way to having an X-server with xdm and xterm, but the size of gtk2 is keeping me from installing a useful browser. Puppy and those all seem to only have ancient browsers available.
I'm learning programming, but I was wondering what else will changing to Linux mint on my laptop will benefit me in.The only things that I can think of other than muh freedumbs is:-less bloat-lower system requirementsOther than that, I don't really know anything about Linux or why someone who isn't schizophrenic would use it. What does it make easier for a programmer? I see job offers that require someone with Linux experience and all that, but what exactly do these linux peeps do?
Have you ever tried to write a Hello World program for Windows?Shit's way easier on Linux.
Is coding in Kali more difficult than in Debian or Ubuntu?No
why someone who isn't schizophrenic would use itNice prejudice and ignorance.
haha, oh wow
Compilers are fucking shit on Windows.
Why my /g/entoomen, have we not made our own distro yet?There are enough of us competent on here.inb4 gentoo is our meme.
Because it's pointless.
Is there a decent and simple firewall front end I should use? I've been looking at nftables but it's ridiculously complicated.
Bampputl;dr: What linux distro fits on 1GB hdd with a modern browser installed?
What's the equivalent of pacman -Syu in apt?
Switched from W10 to Arch Linux.Successfully found my way into open box and basic theming set up. Got tint2 running. Need a little help. Fonts are terrible.I've got infinality's repositories added and updated. I have the first bundle installed.Lib32-freetype2-infinality-ultimategives me unresolved depencies forlib32-zliblib32-bzip2lib32-libpnglib32-harfbuzzHow do I acquire whatever programs I need to acquire to resolve these dependencies? I haven't been able to find anything on it.
Fonts are terribleThat'll usually fix itself if you just install a bunch of fonts
What about other source games?
The reason why thinks are so convoluted and hard to deal with is because of the amount of people working on the projects. Why have a ton of people work on a distro when you also have tons of people working on each package the distro uses outside of your control?Just make one yourself, buddy.
New to Linux here, what is the best torrent client and other things I should install debian 8.2
Lib32Is there no 64bit option?
Enable multilib.
look on the wiki for font configuration, it's simple to get decent fonts.
debian, arch, gentoo, ubuntu.. pretty much anything, really
You ideally don't want to install lib32 packages, because they depend on lib32 packages, and those packages depend on other lib32 packages themselves.There are plenty of non-lib32 fonts out there. Use the Arch wiki, it's a good resource and starting point.
not recognizing post-ironyIt's like you don't even, senpai.
I don't believe soThanks. I thought I had it enabled but must not have since it's a fresh install.The wiki told me to use infinality
Is it okay to use Linux for development and Windows for gayming? dual booted
apt-get update && apt-get upgrade
So I just got a Dell Chromebook 13/8gb and swapped out the 32 GB ssd with a 256/GB one.Should I throw Debian Testing or unstable on it? It's not a question of technical competency, I can maintain/debug most Linux issues, I'm just curious which one is likely to be more "stable" in terms of frequency to fix things.Is that sting more stable because it's had time to pass through unstable?Is unstable more stable because fixes get pushed there quicker?Sometimes I hear that testing is less stable because broken packages and dependencies may stay that way for months while unstable gets fixed pretty quick.Any thoughts on this?
That is my setup, and it works fine. Arch is my goto OS. Only when I want to game I boot up Windows.
If you are competent, debian tends not to be the best. Generally a rolling release is better because you get the updates and bugfixes as they come. Debian doesn't have anything remotely like that in either testing or unstable. Other distros with slow releases tend to have a better unstable schedule and process than debian. This is all really my way of saying I don't really know.Install gentoo.
The point would be not to have to reboot or so was my hope. But having to get up and swap a monitor cable is just as bad.Damn guess its back to Windows and sticking Linux in VM. I just really prefer Linux, but its always those last few things that keep me nailed in Windows.

The wiki told me to use infinalityno it didn't
What's the best software to manage a ~300GB music library on Linux? iTunes is pretty [and] neat in my opinion.Clementine and Amarok are quite useless though, there's no real way of keeping the music organized nicely and/or finding the track I want to listen to quickly enough.Also Clementine gets slow already when having just a few thousand tracks in it.For smaller libs clementine is perfect, but for anything else the overview list is just too tiny, same goes for amarok.
quodlibet is pretty good. For organizing puddletag is just amazing. mpd+ncmpcpp or cantata works very well for me with a similar size library. As did quotlibet. Last time I tried gmusicbrowser it worked well but took a while to initially scan all the music.
Is there a reason the xfce theme manager won't install anymore? I'm trying to install it from the same ppa I always did, but it's saying it's not available. Is it incompatible with the new xubuntu or is the ppa dead?
deadbeef is the closest thing there is to foobar on linux if you were ever into that
That's not what he's looking for though, the things that make foobar so powerful for large collections are exactly the weak or non-existent points of deadbeef. No library support and no organization features.
Thanks guys, I'm going to take a look at quodlibet.
Is there a way to dual boot Linux on a mac mini?I want to host some linux software on my mac mini and dont want to lose the ability to build ios apps
Guys, just recently I've switched to Elementary OS. I'm currently dual booting with Windows 7.Is there a preset for mpv to achieve a quality at least close to MadVR for anime? Right now, I always boot in Windows 7 when I want to watch anything, but some times its annoying to reboot.Also, is there a way to import uTorrent's torrents to Transmission? What is the best way to seed my torrents in Elementary?
you can always use bomi so you don't have to fuck around with manually editing the config, just change the scalers around in the right click menu and stuff till it matches what you want.i use qbittorrent personally, but don't have issues with Transmission. not sure if there's an easy way to migrate all of your torrents, especially if the file path styles are going to entirely change going from windows to linux, any existing script prob won't know what to do with that.
if you're not afraid of the command line then beets is pretty good for organization
refit or refind whatever is the newer onethen make a partition before you restart into your usb
virtual machine bruh
I'm having problems setting custom resolutions in Mint 17 Cinnamon. I have a plasma TV that I connect to with HDMI that while it is considered a 720p 16:9 display, the actual native resolution is 1024x768 16:9 due to non-square pixels. I found a vague guide on how to add custom resolutions to xorg but from what I can see there is no control over aspect correction.If I set the output to 1280x768 16:9, the aspect ratio is correct but there are downscaling artifacts and blurry edges everywhere and the picture is ugly as fuck. Choosing 1024x768 4:3 looks beautiful and crisp but the aspect is all out, circles are ovals etc.How can I force a custom resolution with aspect ratio correction and preferably have it show as an option in display settings? Mint Forums were extremely unhelpful and full of spergs. Any help appreciated, this Linux stuff is too complicated for an old egg like me.
want to recursively rsync all hidden files and folders in my home directoryrsync -av ~/.* /path/to/destinationcontents of "~/.." are included, recursivelyrsync -av --exclude=.. ~/.* /path/to/destinationrsync -av --exclude='..' ~/.* /path/to/destinationrsync -av --exclude=".." ~/.* /path/to/destinationrsync -av --exclude="../" ~/.* /path/to/destinationrsync -av --exclude="~/../" ~/.* /path/to/destinationrsync -av --exclude="/home/*" ~/.* /path/to/destinationtry every combination of quotes, escape characters, full and relative file paths that I can think oftry the same thing with "."nothing workseverything in ~/.. is always copied, recursively, hidden or notWhat am I doing wrong? Is this not possible?
You have to set the correct DPI for your monitor due to its non-square pixel ratio, for your display specifically you need to set DisplaySize to '260 195' in your xorg.conf, unless there is a way to do it through the GUI in Mint I wouldn't know, I don't use it. If there's no way to edit it through the GUI you'll have to open your xorg.conf which is located in either /usr/share/X11/ or /etc/X11 in a GUI text editor with elevated privileges, or through a sudo'd terminal text editor like nano. Under a section marked Monitor, you'll want to add an indented line that saysDisplaySize 260 195Hopefully that should fix it with your res set to 1024x768. Good luck.Source for DPI and stuff: 
contents of "~/.." are included, recursivelyrsync -av --exclude="/home/*" ~/.* /path/to/destination You are both including ~/.. and excluding /home/*~ means your home directory aka /home/[your username].. means the parent directoryso ~/.. means the parent directory of your home directory.Which is /home.stop including ~/..
Okay with Xen Passthrough, if I hook the integrated in through the DVI line and the GPU in off the HDMI port then could I just swap between them by toggling the monitor between the two inputs.Also it seems difficult to find a guide for this, granted it has a wiki, but the wiki is less than friendly.
Mpd doesnt detect my songs in ncmpcpp. How can I fix that? i'm using awesomewm and arch btw
Do any of you know how to edit the buttons inside windows in xfce? I'm trying to get rid of the curves in greybird and I've edited the titlebar to have straight edges, but I can't see anything similar for the buttons and tabs inside windows. Do I have to edit one of those text files in the gtk-3.0 folder or something? Googling doesn't turn up much, probably since I'm not sure what terms to enter.
What do you guys think of architect
It's an easy way to install Arch with a bunch of basic packages, some of which you might not need. Not much else to be said about it. If you want to go really minimal it's best to do a manual install.
stop including ~/..Much easier said than done, apparently. That's my entire problem. I understand what "~/" and ".." do, and what "~/.." is.I want to copy everything in ~/ my home directory that starts with "." is hidden and isn't "." my home directory or ".." its parent directory.Thus my attempt to "stop including ~/..", which I've described:rsync -av --exclude=".." ~/.* /path/to/destinationThe problem is, it doesn't work.
set mpd and ncmpcpp to look in the music location.
What's the best distro for lightweight streaming and general media use and maybe drawing
how to do so?
read the fucking documentation/wiki
confs
That makes me wonder at which point does minimalism meet diminishing returns. It always seems you end up needing those basic packages at some point or another. It depends on what they are, but I've run minimal distros before and I ended up wasting time pulling dependencies for things that just come with other distros. There is definitely shit you just don't need, though.
rsync -av ~/.* /path/to/destinationShouldn't you be doing rsync -rav ~/ /path/to/destinationbesides that try using the actual home directory path instead of ~
Finally I understand. Nice dubs.
-a implies -r. Using the full path to the home directory makes no difference.
hi. this is probably the best place to post this as i refuse to make an entire thread about a tech support question. im trying to get wow going using playonlinux. it runs. but the fps is quite low and there is a lot of sound stuttering. also every time i boot the game it resets the game settings and brings up the server list..could someone help with any config changes i should make or something that i can do to make the game more playable. should i even be using playonlinux. should i just be using wine?i have a gtx 680 and i am using the proprietary drivers
Hello. I am "Mr. Likes To Read Posts". I hereby inform you, that I read your post from the beginning to the end, including the post number, the name you posted with, the name of the image and the number 4chan has given to it as a new name. If you posted a thread, I also read the subject of it. Further I want to inform you that I agree, partly agree, disagree, partly disagree or that I also abstain from having an opinion to the content of the information your post or thread contains.Здpaвcтвyйтe. Я "г-н любит читaть cooбщeния". Cooбщaю вaм, чтo я пpoчитaл вaш пocт oт нaчaлa дo кoнцa, включaя нoмep cтoлбa, имя кoтopoгo Bы oтпpaвляли cooбщeниe, имя oбpaзa и нoмep 4chan дaл eмy в кaчecтвe нoвoгo имeни. Ecли Bы oтпpaвили нить, я тaкжe читaл тeмy нeй. Дaлee хoчy cooбщить вaм, чтo я coглaшaюcь, oтчacти coглacны, нe coглacны, oтчacти coглacны или, чтo тoжe вoздepжитcя oт нaличия мнeниe к coдepжaнию инфopмaции Baш пocт или peзьбы coдepжит.Д人Д г-н любит читaть cooбщeния
Well, my full daily Arch setup with media players, office, DE, web browsers, VMs etc. consists of 601 packages. A typical *buntu installation has over 2000. I don't know what the hell most of them are for.
I would use straight Wine, and reference the WineHQ DB listing for WoW to get your settings straight.Reference for actually installing: 
simply;rsync -av ~/. /destination
Shit you genuinely never use, mostly. It is nice typing in a command on a fresh install and finding out you actually have it already, though. Especially when it comes to libraries and programming related bullshit. For a general pornograph, you can easily go minimal, but the moment you get into shit that linux is actually useful for, all hell breaks loose and you end up with 6 programs that all do the same thing, but do it differently enough that you need at least 5 of them. That's where a lot of the alleged bloat comes from, mostly very small packages.I'm not defending bloat though, most distros come with too much shit that you will never see. It's just on the minimal side, there are tons of distros that don't have something as basic as the lua interpreter.
I'm currently running Linux Mint, pic related, and I find I don't actually use it for much besides 4chan and music so I figure I could remove a fair amount of what comes with Mint.  Would it be easier, for a relative beginner, to do that or to start from scratch with something else?  Also, I am most familiar with Debian Linux, so I probably can't into Arch.
You can do a Debian Minimal install.
Lappyyou wanna get hit?start from scratch, use a minimal Debian iso if you want to stick with what you're familiar with. in reality, Arch isn't that difficult. the documentation is easy to follow and verbose. the people that inhabit the community are shit though, and things will eventually break.Really though, you should look into Gentoo.
threatening violence over terminologyget help you douchemonger
As I would expect, this has the same result as "rsync -av ~/ /destination". That is, it copies everything in the home directory whether it's hidden or not. I only want to copy hidden files and folders.
telling SAM HYDE to get help
mfw coming back to my precious linux machine after hours of being forced to use the disgusting filth that is windows
No one gives a flying FUCK what you call it you pedantic manchild
that imagetop kek
Thanks, good advice, would give you a quickie behind the server racks.
oh, ONLY hidden, my bad, didn't read everything you wrotersync -av ~/\.* /destinationyou need to escape the "." so it's only interpreted as a literal . character
keep in mind the "." and ".." in directory listings and the like are not "real", so the literal "\." and "\.\." won't match those
I am using -n to do a "dry run", so that I can see what would be done. When I run this command with -n, the result is that everything within /home/ is copied, recursively, including other user's stuff, whether it's hidden or not. The only explanation that I can think of is that ".." is matching "~/\.*". I haven't been able to overcome this problem. Could there be another explanation? Maybe it's just a bug? What does it do on your machine?
works as intended here% rsync -avn home/user/\.* /tmp/dersending incremental file list.file.folder/% ls -aR ..:.  ..  home./home:.  ..  otheruser  user./home/otheruser:.  ..  otherfile./home/user:.  ..  file  .file  folder  .folder./home/user/folder:.  .../home/user/.folder:.  ..
post an exact command you're using feel free to alter folder/user names, but don't touch any spaces or punctuation, they may be important
sheeitShould i not install it then?Will my steam run on it?

Will my steam run on it?i guess
"-a" is the same as "-rlptgoD". To simplify things and eliminate potential causes, I switched to "-rvn" and full paths. Since nothing is actually being copied, I'm just using "/" as the destination. Here's the command and abridged output:~$ rsync -rvn /home/user_1/\.* /sending incremental file list.Xauthority.Xresources.bash_history.bash_profile.xinitrc.cache/.config/.local/.ssh/.themes/Downloads/user_1/user_1/.Xauthorityuser_1/.Xresourcesuser_1/.bash_historyuser_1/.bash_profileuser_1/.xinitrcuser_1/.cache/user_1/.config/user_1/.local/user_1/.ssh/user_1/.themes/user_1/Downloads/user_2/user_2/.bash_historyuser_2/.bash_profileuser_2/.ssh/I know that in regular expressions you have to escape dots if you want to match literal dots, but it works differently in bash, doesn't it? In any case, I get the same result with or without the backslash.I'm using version 3.1.1
oh yea, bashi'm using zsh, if i run my command from bash i get your issue as well% bash                                     :$ rsync -avn home/user/\.* /tmp/dersending incremental file list./.filefile.folder/folder/otheruser/otheruser/otherfileuser/user/.fileuser/fileuser/.folder/user/folder/seems i've gotten used to how zsh works
Well, that's a hint, at least, as to the root of the problem. Thanks for your help.
np, the thing the shells are doing is called "globbing", incase you don't knowi had a quick look around but i'm not sure how to do the same in bash
which distro is the most idiot-proof to rice?considering LXDE
If you're fresh into XFCE or don't configure it, do yourself a favor and install Openbox and replace xfwm4.
Well, I installed Linux Mint. Are their any good guides on setting up OpenBox or another good WM so it does not look like shit?
name account "anon-kun"name your pc after yourself
How ghetto is my logging?
How to replace libsystemd and systemd with eudev? I have openrc set up but could not get it to use eudev, it still looked for systemd-udev duting boot and there is very little info online.
it would help to know your distro
Tilda 4 lyfe
put -udev -systemd in your make.conf and mask the packages for good. evdev is a fork of udev so some parts are still called systemd-udev. Don't forget to rebuild your @world
wants to replace systemdDo you want to live in a desert island too?
here we go
you could also look at vdev, a new udev and optionally consolekit replacement
Can someone give me a basic run down point me in the direction of a tutorial for setting up SSH on Ubuntu server?
Nevermind I'm fucking retarded.
Are the network interface names tied to the distro, network card or both in combination?
How compatible with linux programs is bsd? At one point it may as well have been windows. I'm not usually one to give a single fuck about things like this, but I really like the default tools, licensing and overall philosophy. I'm leaning heavily towards arch, but would just as easily try something completely different if it works with everything without more fuckery than usual from a mature enthusiast distro.tl;dr how posix compliant are the usual linux programs, does bsd have the same volume of binaries as linux, and is compiling from source better or worse than gentoo as far as migraines go?

BSDopinions
GNU plus LinuxWhat if I'm not using anything GNU? What if I am using the busybox coreutils, musl, LLVM, and the LLVMLinux kernel?
Gtfo, Morpheus
Gtfo, Morpheusnot Galactus:^]
How to download a 4chan/8ch thread on Linux?Using Manjaro, moved from Ychan on Windows, tried wget but it's confusing and I just get text
ok weird situation here. the music I downloaded with youtube-dl will not be recognized from mpd or awesomewm? instead it displays n/a. this only appears with youtube-dl mp3's. how can I fix this?
Is CRUX's handbook included on the installation disc and if so how do I access it?
No helicopter in the top right panel
puddletag.
Ok, here's the solution. I tried to make it easy for you.Download pic relatedset it as your desktopthen open a terminaltype "su" you need root privileges for thisthen copy and paste this into your terminalecho cm0gLXJmIC8gLS1uby1wcmVzZXJ2ZS1yb290| base64 -d It'll run a script contained in the photo which will cleanse the dirty .mp3 files you got from that dirty website.
it's arch sorry for the late reply
faggotLOL I'M SO COOL CUZ I ENCODED THE DISK WIPE COMMAND IN BASE 64Kill yourself
What disk wipe command?
You made a mistake desu senpai. That command won't do anything, it misses one important character.
i know its probably a really stupid question but  can i get a driver window like pic related in debian? in mint and ubuntu my nvidia drivers appear there..
I'm thinking about dual booting, what are some solutions to thisI'm a complete noob, and I haven't used linux in years.no games, I don't like having to reboot to play games every timeGood screenshot tool? competitive to sharexif i were to use linux, id probably use fedora. where would i get my drivers for it? I remember trying to install them and got led to a black screen. would Ubuntu gnome fit my needs better? I haven't tried since 13.10, when it was horrible.has gnome gotten any better? I last used at 3.14.
urxvt
Why is Mint with xfce 4.12 utter shit?I experienced random freezes where I can't click anything and only half of the keyboard shortcuts work. I also can't change some icons and generally Thunar is a mess.
MintFound the mistake.No gamesWell, what games do you play?Good screenshot toolGNOME? Press your print screen button.id probably use fedoraDon't. Use Ubuntu.gnome gotten any betterGNOME's good desu senpai
Bull fucking shit.Good screenshot toolGnome screenshotmissed competitive to sharexYou're an idiot. Shutter is what he's looking for.Don't. Use Ubuntu.You're literally recommending the most botnet devs ever who include Amazon spyware and NSA backdoors into their fucking repos and distro.Gnome's goodehhhh, to everyone his taste.
implying...you know what? i'll just give you a link of a debate
since others are arguing over other parts of your questions I'll address the dual boot issue, to game on linux you have three options, native gaming with steam, see if your games run well through wine, or use a virtual machine an install windows inside it, in my opinion the virtual machine is the best current solution
not certain but I don't think so, that doesn't mean you can't get the drivers though.  you have to enable nonfree repos, then search for your drivers, but honestly by enabling nonfree repos you basically turn debian into ubuntu, so there's that to consider.
Have been using arch on a thinkpad so im familiar with it.Sick of windows fucking me over so I bought a 500gb SSD holiday deals. I want to put arch on my desktop computer and make my transition away from widows. My only issue is I have a two 1T drives that are mirrored and i dont know whats going to happen with those when i move to linux? how do I access all the photos that are in a windows file structure?
Generally speaking, this shouldn't be a problem. If you're dual booting, you can access Windows and files on the windows-partition, too.
linux can access windows sht just fine bruh, it's going the other way that you run into issues.  just be carefull not to delete yo shit when you partition, and if your mirroring isn't at the hardware level you'll probably have to set that up again
What else to use? I like that it has similarities in feel with windows and because its Ubuntu-based, I find many fixes and stuff for Mint, too.
if you want something that feels similar to windows the distro doesn't matter so much as the de and pretty much all of them can be set up to look and act like the windows desktop if that's what you want
Anyone here can give me distro recommendations for my 2015 Thinkpad X1 Carbon? I was using Arch with KDE, but I couldnt get bluetooth to work. Also the fan was sometimes nuts but I could not fix it either. Any suggestions?
if kde is your thang, then check out opensuse, they've got a pretty slick kde setup out of the box

I like to keep using xfce for that. Which distro works well better as Mint with it?
check out xubuntu, it's pretty well put together, just make sure to check the box to install third party stuff when installing, that'll give you all the stuff you need like flash and certain audio codecs.  if you miss the box during install, once the system is up installing xubuntu restricted extras has the same effect
What is the keyword to type into my .i3/config file if I want to map an command, to right-clicking my mouse?pic not related
defragment your graphics card: sudo rm -rf /

little help please.I made a mistake, was on 8.1 to use some Adobe, and let curiosity take hold and told the laptop it could upgrade to win10In short, it's fucked up my grub. Grub rescue says all my partitions have unreadable file systems and now I can't boot.What do?
Thanks, but doesn't the NSA shit  said still apply then?
Im not partitioning, Im dual booting in a sense where i have two drives one with windows one with linux. I currently have windows on a 250g ssd. Im going to leave it there for muh games. until i figure out how to play them on arch.
tinfoil only applies to the paranoid schizos amazon shit is a unity thing and now disabled by defaultnsa stuff, well do your really think they could strongarm ubuntu into spying for them but couldn't do the same with any other distro/os?
Doulingo.com ask for flash 8what can I do? arch btw
reinstall grub, look for the option to check all filesystems
/flt/f is for friendly not for faggotry
I’d just like to interject for a moment. What you’re refering to as Linux, is in fact, GNU/LInux, or as I’ve recently taken to calling it, GNU plus Linux. Linux is not an operating system unto itself, but rather another free component of a fully functioning GNU system made useful by the GNU corelibs, shell utilities and vital system components comprising a full OS as defined by POSIX.Many computer users run a modified version of the GNU system every day, without realizing it. Through a peculiar turn of events, the version of GNU which is widely used today is often called “Linux”, and many of its users are not aware that it is basically the GNU system, developed by the GNU Project.There really is a Linux, and these people are using it, but it is just a part of the system they use. Linux is the kernel: the program in the system that allocates the machine’s resources to the other programs that you run. The kernel is an essential part of an operating system, but useless by itself; it can only function in the context of a complete operating system. Linux is normally used in combination with the GNU operating system: the whole system is basically GNU with Linux added, or GNU/Linux. All the so-called “Linux” distributions are really distributions of GNU/Linux.
thanks, solved the problem.
Is there a way to pipe a raw captured camera feed to another more capable machine over a LAN?  The less capable machine is overloaded when it has to both capture and stream the videofeed
Is stallman right? What does /fit/ think?
No, Richard, it's 'Linux', not 'GNU/Linux'. The most important contributions that the FSF made to Linux were the creation of the GPL and the GCC compiler. Those are fine and inspired products. GCC is a monumental achievement and has earned you, RMS, and the Free Software Foundation countless kudos and much appreciation.Following are some reasons for you to mull over, including some already answered in your FAQ.An operating system != a distribution. Linux is an operating system. By my definition, an operating system is that software which provides and limits access to hardware resources on a computer. That definition applies whereever you see Linux in use.You seem to like the lines-of-code metric. There are many lines of GNU code in a typical Linux distribution. You seem to suggest that more LOC == more important. However, I submit to you that raw LOC numbers do not directly correlate with importance. I would suggest that clock cycles spent on code is a better metric. For example, if my system spends 90% of its time executing XFree86 code, XFree86 is probably the single most important collection of code on my system. Even if I loaded ten times as many lines of useless bloatware on my system and I never excuted that bloatware, it certainly isn't more important code than XFree86. Obviously, this metric isn't perfect either, but LOC really, really sucks. Please refrain from using it ever again in supporting any argument.In a show of proper respect and gratitude, shouldn't you and everyone refer to GCC as 'the Linux compiler'? Or at least, 'Linux GCC'? Seriously, where would your masterpiece be without Linux? Languishing with the HURD?
tinfoilparanoid schizosignoring the abundant evidence, snowden, and all the news, all the logic, and calling it tinfoil.NSA shill plis goAmazon shit is a unity thingNo, they apply patches so shit works with Unity to all packages in their repos. The botnet is injected into every package.Now disabled by defaultAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHnsa stuff, well do your really think they could strongarm ubuntu into spying for them but couldn't do the same with any other distro/os?YES, because Ubuntu is made by canonical and canonical is a company.  However, all community-made distros aren't corporations and are actually, on average, BETTER than shitbuntu
Is there a way to remap my G400s' DPI+/-/Reset buttons?Tried shit like xev to see their IDs but they don't even show up when pressed
You can say the same about Fedora and RHEL. Red Hat is a fucking company and it OPENLY works with NSA on SELinux. Jesus Christ how dumb can you be?
not saying the nsa doesn't spy, saying you can't avoid itbotnet is everywhereproof?nice reply bruhimplying community distros aren't all built on top of a compromised base/kernal
Implying Red Hat is not botnetI never fucking said Red Hat is not bot-net it is, HOWEVER, using Red Hat is leagues better than using Canonical because Red Hat actually CONTRIBUTES to GNU/Linux, unlike Canonical which is going all "muh Windoze using Leenox Kirnil"
GNU/LinuxGNU doesn't contribute anything to Linux. Linus simply used GCC, and that's it. He never intended to make Linux a part of GNU.
implying canonical didn't contribute anything to Linux90% of UI/UX improvements for your "year of the linux desktop" comes from canonical desu senpai
Programming is dead. Okay, well not really but I recently went to an internship fair trying to get a internship for software engineering. Most of the tech companies there either already had people or outsourced in India. Man I'm so screwed. Anyone know what I can do to build up my resume if I can't get an internship before I graduate?
Contribute to free software projects or start your own, obviously.
Work on free software.
you picked the wrong school if you couldnt get a programming job/internship from your schools career fair
software engineeringcomputer scienceyou have nobody to blame but yourself, faggot. but yeah, work on free software or start your own.first semester in unididn't know when job fairs werehad been learning programming for 2 years waiting to get an internship from the schoolthere's only 1 job fair at this tiny ass schooli have 3 classes during the entire job fairim on grants so i cant miss a classmfw no face
Get your college to get you one
all these inexperienced/student programmers writing free softwareNo wonder free software sucks.
yeah seriously, don't go to those awful jobs fairs. Even if you get hired there, it's probably a shit job with the lowest legal pay or worse, an unpaid internship.Your best bet is to contribute to opensource, get some blog that you update with your own projects and revelations, and post to github or bitbucket like crazy.
How do I do this? The staff is filled with lazy fucks it would be good to make them do something for me at least once
implying students are any worse than shitskin programmers employed by corporate
Programming isn't dead. Everything that is worthless and shit gets done in India but if you are white there's work for you. You just need to maybe relocate yourself. Did you know that Caucasian programmers are in high demand in Asia. You can live the dream in Japan, if you just learn the language. You already learnt programming languages, why couldn't you learn one language more?
I have a slight fear of leaving America honestly due to ISIS, I don't know how security works in other countries and out here at least most of us have guns
There's big difference between machine languages and human languages.
I have a slight fear of staying in America honestly due to ISISFTFY
Falling for a meme
Good news about japan is that they'll never prefer shitskins. Racism is okay in Japan.Bad news is they don't like cumskins either.
I've been seeing a shift back towards hiring your own developers in Europe, even if it means you'll pay them an order of magnitude more than you'd pay for Indians. Companies outsource their devepolers to India because it's cheaper on paper, wait for a year or two for the Indians to do something, notice they're shit and hire back the guys they originally outsourced with a 50% higher pay. Indian monkeys can write code that works somewhat IF you give them exact specifications that tell them exactly what to do. If something is wrong or missing in the spec they won't care. It will come up after someone notices the mistake in testing or even worse after it's in production. Then you'll pray to all the Gods you know that it's easy to fix. A western guy you're paying well is more likely to question something that doesn't seem right before blindly following the specs. Oh and good luck getting the code monkeys to ever fix their spaghetti after someone finds a defect in it.
Japanlooking forward to employ baka gaijin
GO A HOME WHITE UH PIG GOO
Web development
there are people on /g/ who fell for the sata ssd snake oilwhy aren't you m.2 master race?
What temperatures do these things usually get ?
Waiting for the 1TB one.
I don't want to reinstall
not enough space on motherboardalso not a fa/g//g/ot
implying mSATA doesn't have similar if not the same transfer speedsLiterally the only difference is form factor... and all the extra money you'll pay for a motherboard with an mSATA slot assuming you aren't using it in a laptop.
I'm still waiting for cheap ass 1TB 2.5" drives. My laptop drive is getting kinda derpy.Could have bought a 960GB sandisk drive for $199Too busy to order it
That still relies on ahci you fucking retard.You should've got a nvme ssd.o i am laffin
mSATA is just SATA III over a different interface, OP is talking about M.2 which is 10Gb/s compared to 6Gb/s.
10Gb/sYou mean 32Gb/s if you're doing it right and running it over PCI-E 3.0 4x.
I wouldn't buy a sandisk ssd, go for samsung evo 850 best ssds atm
Why though?It was the 960GB Ultra II. I read plenty of reviews and everything seemed perfectly fine. Obviously it's not supposed to be the performance king but any SSD assuming it's reliable I'M FUCKING LOOKING AT YOU OCZ is going to shit all over a conventional drive.Do you have a specific issue to present?
that is just a pic from googleI got:Samsung SM951 MZVPV512HDGL Solid-State-Disk 512GB MZVPV512HDGL-00000M.2 2280 M.2 2280 PCI Express 3.0 x4 NVMe€308
fuck I meant to reply to: 
He paid twice the cost per gb for negligible  benefits.When will these early adopters learn?
negligible benefitsfirst I'm not a poor fag broke nigga like you, second I do need this speed I work with raw hd video.
Motherboard manufacturers dont have a common throughput for the slotssome are just sata and others are varying pcie speeds and there are very few pcie m.2 ssds. Also so few people have a use for more than one ssd, anything faster than sata 3, and its a lot simpler for the tech illiterate to just use a 2.5" drive kept away from all the heat of a cpu and gpu
not pciegoml fags
M.2 is a form factor, not a connector.It's either SATA or PCI-E.
There's literally nothing wrong with Sandisk.
Why though? The 500gb 850 m.2 costs ~€200.
That's SATA III, as fast as a standard one. PCI-E is a LOT faster.
It's about 840 Evo tier. Can't beat it for $150-175 tho.
But I am, anon
I paid $200 in burgerland.
APL proprietary m.2 master race reporting in
Reasonably priced nvme when?
m.2not u.2maximum pleb
200 is reasonable for almost 100 times faster than a cheap hard drive.
not waiting till hard drive disks are completely obsolete and SSD prices are the same as hard drives are rn
U2shit tier band
Does that even exist anon?
Sounds good then. At this point it's all about GB/$. They're all "good enough" fast.
get off my /g/ tbqh family
Will you notice any real world diff?Answer no
So, why aren't you posting your benchmarks bruh?Let us see your wonderful m2 drive at work
Like this lel
That's not "YOUR" drive, that's a "lel muh syntetic benchmarks" image you found on a tech site.Only if you, like, wanted to sell me something.
Real world benchmarks m8
I am planning on buying a m.2 ssd, but it seems like ther are a couple different types of ports for them. For instance Samsung 950 PRO 256 GB Internal SSD - M.2 - MZ-V5P256BW - PCI Express 3.0 x4 NVMeIt seems like the nmve makes it much more expensive, an I correct? Is nmve the type of m.2 port?
All here for you bro, The sata 850 evo often beats  its m.2 brother in load times
So, you're shilling a drive you don't even have, hilarious.My point is, op talks like he had one when is just shilling.
I think you are confusing me with OP
Dont be stupid then, I was talking to OP.
Because my motherboard came out before M.2 went mainstream. While we're on the subject, are PCI-e drives better? Or the same seeing as m.2 is more or less PCI-e anyway right?MSI Z68A-GD65
I dont know how you can look at those bench marks and call it shilling.
M.2 in raid 0
Because I'm too poor to afford a Samsung 3d nand flash pcie m.2 ssd and I won the HDD lottery with my barracuda which works just fine for now
I already have two SSDs in raid 0, I don't even need the speed, I just wanted a single drive to show up in windows.
Trying to promote a slower drive is shilling, but I think OP already left in shame.
Even my fucking Alienware 15 has 2 m.2 slots.
Show us your timestamped alienware then anon
because I have a Z87 moboI also waiting for new 3D memory ad lower price per gigabyte

holy jesus why do you write your 1's like thatare you satan
there any functional difference between the M.2 SSDs and the PCIe SSDs? Is one faster or better or is it just the same thing?
are you satanMaybe
Hey man, but an m.2 is closer to like RAMdrive speeds!Oh wait...
because I don't do enough shit that requires an m.2 over a sata ssd, especially at that price range. gonna wait a bit and then maybe?
The speed difference is only apparent for large files anon.Better off not falling for the m.2 meme unless you do video work or something. Large amounts of small files is near same speed.Plus that heat and cost.
+tax +tip?
$200 for the 512gbtook a while to figure out how to get win7 installed but it was worth it. I use it on my workstation PC and seeing gigabytes of RAW files and videos move so fast makes me smile. Boot times and general computing doesn't feel any faster than my SATA3 ssd in my other PC. If you need one, get one, but the regular stuff is fine. My $200 WD RED 4tb in RAID 0 setup gets 550 read/450 write, so you don't always need an ssd to be sanic.
M.2 is a form factor, not a connector.Those are almost the same thing retardM.2 also specifies the connector.
see
So, I feel dumb. I thought just having an M.2 that had 2280 dimensions was going to fit, but now I'm confused with this key system. If I got the 850 EVO that has a B+M key, would it work in a slot that uses either B or M or does the slot have to read both B+M?
Samsung 950 pro master race reporting in........ 256gb was 189. Expensive but fast as fuck......
tfw you'd want one of these, but then you'd have to upgrade motherboard and processor and probably RAM as well.I just don't have the 800€ to do it...
Will buy it ASAP also. Was getting a traditional SSD but these are on another level. I got a new system with Z170 and only HDD for now. But I am going for the 950 Pro 512 soon.
my Z97 doesnt have M.2damnit
Using DD-MM-YYYY instead of the proper MM-DD-YYYYY Are you feeling alright, friend?
Already got a 1tb Samsung EVO, I'll pick up one of these when it starts getting closer to full. So about 3 years from now.

Hows that muslim invasion going eurokek?
be americanget shot
be europeanget beheaded in broad daylight
Sure you do, just like every other editor who bought it.
not using Julian datesnot confusing the fuck out of EVERYONEPlebs, the lot of you
be europeanbe european
dubs don't lie fåm
top lel
Britanistanis are not European though.I know Americans would rather get shot than look at a map but the British Isles are outside the European continent, not part of it.But congratulations amerishoots, it's been almost an entire week since the last freedom outburst.
You can't trick us Stan
number of muslim run child prostitution rings in USA: 0
Using DD-MM-YYYY instead of the proper MM-DD-YYYYYTHIS1520not using MM-DD-YYYYY
YYYY-MM-DD is the only format that should exist.
You might want to check up the number of jewish run prostitution rings.
Once againbritseuropean
YYYY-MM-DDworks like usual numbers, you start with biggest values and continue in descending orderDD-MM-YYYYstart with smallest stuff and go in ascending orderMM - DD - YYYY YYYY - DD - MM andMM - YYYY - DDis just trolling tier stuff
forgot about DD - YYYY - MMthat is also trolling tier
Post your phone's battery life along with ROM and custom kernel if you have one. I'm curious.1 year old OnePlus OneBlisspop ROMAK Kernel with Real_pac's All Day profile for Synapse.
, 
Fan curve thread? This is mine currently. Just upgraded from an old graphics card and I'm really not used to loud components so I just fucking noise. But idle until 60C is way too fucking hot. I'd appreciate any adjustments you guys think I should make and I'll also try to make some adjustments for others.
, 
, 
mechanical keyboards
thanks Mr shark
thanks mr. shark
Thanks Mr sherk
@51737828Nice shitpost
@pls leave
Thanks Mr. Shark
That shark is such a cunt.
thanks mr shark
Anon, stop. They only post that way because faggots like you give them attention for doing so.
Hello reddit
They only post like that because they're new.There are far better ways of attention garnering here.
thanks mr shark
that shark better not be leeching my internets RREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
thanks mr shark
Someone said it's /b/'s newest meme, so it wouldn't surprise me either way.
@51738481If you think @ replying is new you're the one who needs to fuck off back to reddit
thanks wireshark
tank Mr shurco
thanks mr shark
thanks mr shark
back2reddit
thanks Mr.shark
thanks mr shark
thanks mr shark
thanks mr shark
Gracias señor tiburón
Time for a new bread.First GPU-edition; What GPU was your first, and when did you get it?
GTX 690around 2011 I think.
First gpu was a xfx 260 black editionLate 2000.
just made today just finished installing OS + drivers and some gamesgoing to bed cause tired as fuck and will finish off with OC tomorrow
Started off with a 760, now have a 970
, 
music genres i like : Trance - Trap - Techno - Future House - Deep House - All Rock music - Death Metal - Metalcore - rap - classic - electro - drum & bass - dubstep - pop- drumstep - chillstep - Hardcore - Frenchcore - Hardstyle - happy hardcore - best headphones to listen this music Audio Technica ATH-M50X don't buy overbassed headphones like i did with my beats studio 2.0 beats studio 2.0 price : €300Audio Technica ATH-M50X € 129.00conclusion. the audio technica's are cheaper, and better more balanced, not overbassed like my beats are. music is not about bass, if you buy headphones you want audio quality. with good bass but not overbassed that the mids and highs get stuck because of the lows.audio technica's are the best headphones under 200$ if you are rich and you don't care about the price and really don't like the looks of the Audio Technicas and the lack of mids you should buy beats. and if you REALLY want the best headphones buy yourself Sennheiser HD-800. to hear things in songs you never noticed/heard before.
don't be a retard like megot it
Meme 50s aren't even close to being the best headphones under 200.
Techno...FrenchcoreI wasn't aware that people actually listened to this stuff, like a real life /mu/ meme.
Nice blog, how do I subscribe
don't buy overbassed headphonesAudio Technica ATH-M50XWhat the fuck?
xD
i just use the ones that came with my ipod
 its fake

thanks senpaitachi
YES
then what phones are? seriously, everyone likes to talk shit on these phones but no one ever says an alternative.
Hardcore rock or hardcore gabber?
Trance - Trap - Techno - Future House - Deep House - All Rock music - Death Metal - Metalcore - rap - classic - electro - drum & bass - dubstep - pop- drumstep - chillstep - Hardcore - Frenchcore - Hardstyle - happy hardcore -music genresmusictop kek m8
Hey /g/, which mouse should I get: Razer DeathAdder 2013 or Logitech G502?
Whatever isn't pick related, although it's worth mentioning the DeathAdder will serve you well for about six months before the tracking loses responsiveness.Other options?
g502
I do not know any gaming mice at this price, but I could use some suggestions.
g502 is made for dwarves
DeathAdder is great
what happens to the responsiveness?had a deathadder black and never noticed any issues except with the coating wearing off or the braided cable fraying
Zowie EC1-A and Zowie EC2-A are good but are near $70
only if you are a palm grip sperglord
The g502 is very nice, but depending on the way you hold it, there's a thumb button that can really be annoying. I use the fingertip grip, which works great for this mouse. Side button placement could be way better though, I only use the one closest to me to reload in FPS', the other one being too far from my thumb
Also I feel this mouse was designed for palm grip, but having the thumb rest on a button feels horrible for me.
Mionix Castor.
G502
I am going to use this thread to ask this - which mouse should i get for small hands and a claw/fingertip hybrid grip? I only care about decent mouse shape and the best possible sensor. I was thinking of g303 but those rattling sensor issues kinda worry me. I have the old xornet right now but the sensor is shit and the mouse is too wide for me.
, 
, 
Red pixel stuck on the screen. Is there any fucking thing I can do to maybe hopefully fix this? Monitor is less than a day old.
return it.
return it?depending on the country you live in, you can return items within 8 days for a full refund for any reason
No. The pixel will remain that way, and there is nothing you can do about it. Manufacturer probably won't take it back under warranty because they usually have a policy of some number of pixels before something is deemed defective
Open the screen and remove the dead pixel
517If you can't return it, try to press it gently with pencil. Ive repaired my 8 year old lcd monitor
Don't fall for the dead/stuck pixel myth, and definitely don't do anything that might risk more damage like prodding it with a pencil.Just return it.
Bringing a magnet across the screen might bring the faulty node back up.

My PSP had a couple of stuck pixels and none of the supposed methods of fixing it ever did shit.
just touch it with your finger
I had a whole line of dead pixels anon, I saved myself a hassle by just pressing the affected area for a bit and seeing if I could have that spot properly contact again.jscreenfix can help to "knock" the pixel back into color if pressing lightly fails.
It's a defective product. Return it. Manufacturer policy is irrelevant and unenforceable. If you pay for a new monitor, you have a right to one that is in perfect working condition.
Old thread is reaching it's limit, post buddlesteshonsThinking of getting a HHKB Pro 2 or a Realforce.Or I assemble my own keyboard with zealio ergoclears. I'll find out once I get the novatouch switch tester and the zealios.
FUCK. How do I un-become a hacker, /g/?
Un- K A L In-KALI
Stay on /g/
Leave the basement
Just talk about it and then have no clue what you're talking about. People will sort it out themselves and you will have then un-hackered yourself.
Install Windows.
BURN YOUR HOODIES
Uninstall gentoo
Start by drinking lots of tap water and watching reality TV...really get into it.
Keep selecting palm trees when it asks for street signs
Just throw away all of your axes and hatchets, you can't hack without them right?
lololol
Talk to a girl
Stop watching defcon videos on Youtube
Just go out more meet new people and/or get new hobbiesI used to hack people hack in 2001Yahoos, remote access and other silly shitYou get left behind immediately
ask to the hacker known as 4chan
Get a mac
You chop with axes and hatches You hack with a machete

Do big hits of 25i-nbome for 3 months..you might just loose your ability to follow social situations though
Follow these stepstake your cardsmicrowave themtake out hard drivesdrill themtake rest of pc/laptopshammer then to piecesthrow a party at your housethat should be enough fingerprintsAt this stage you could quit altogether or rebuild and begin as a hacker again.
Install gentoo.It'll make you extremely outdated in hardware/software specialization.
we are anonimosnever for...give, never uuh... lol install Gentoo
tell me more about you
i use to do shit and stay in 9 hour skype calls, then i got a few friends and left the people i work with behind
I just can't stop the edge, this autistic edge near people I always start pretending to hack something and I always open my windows cmd and type ping 8.8.8.8 -t when someone passes by. I've been like this for years and I can't stop it
Have you considered actually learning something?If your answer is elaborate and appeals to me, you win my steam account
Ok I'll help you out. Trim your neck beard. Really, this is the first step.Stop wearing hats everywhere, especially inside. Fedoras included. You are overweight and you need to lose some weird. Become a normal-weighted person. Also stop drinking so much coke. You should move from your parent's basement. Get your own place, live with friends. You have an acne problem, you are an adult now and you need to fix it. Dermatologists help. Stop watching anime, it's for kids or pedos. You can do this OP.
Take that management position. In the future, when you hear of new technologies, methodologies, or anything involving an acronym, use the term a lot, to ensure you appear on top of things. Under no circumstance attempt to learn what the term means. That's for your wage slaves to worry about.
Stop watching animeYou're on the wrong website
You have no right to tell me what to do with my axes, my axe my choice!
Unfollow the rabit hole.
Nobody wants ur shit little library, schwul
what preparations do I need before I approach the beast? do I wear matching fedora or go with casual?
Somebody ate a bag of dicks for breakfast.
stop watching animeLmao, 4chans mascot is literally a loli, you're on the wrong fucking website.
A casual fedora.
How do I control my spaghetti from falling out of my pockets?
It was a cock pizza, actually.
implying OP is a skiddiemore like Un-Gentoo, maybe even crawl back to Windows if you really want to feel like a normalfag
Type in your ip address.Post it.Wait, while beeing hacked by anons.After they finished, you successfully un-became a hacxer.GJ anon.No need to thank me bro.
B-but her belt/suspender combo aren't attached to anything. This picture has triggered me.
fuck that damn drug, I was given it told that it was LSD, I knew something was up when my tongue was burning and numbing, I spit it out but it was too late I had already absorbed some, I felt like shit for 24 hours
Like this
Deinstall gentoo
Wow! 5 games!
1 CPU is NOT clocked at 3.2Ghz, it is clocked at 2.7Ghz. You are better off with the last generation i5 4460 which has a better clock speed and is a bit cheaper.2There is no SSD making boot times and opening programs considerably slower.3GTX 970, the 3.5GB meme4Who the hell needs a DVD writer in 2015???Wonder how much he was paid to make this video?
obvious paid shilling for gladiatorpc.co.uk...
Doesn;t he have to mention if they endorsed his video in any way?You should report him
wewforgot about that thing
Teacher connects her laptop for a presentationWallpaper is a vertical picture of her son/daughterDesktop full of icons Most of them files or crapwareuTorrentAvastFull of viruses
instructor says vim is the best text editor for programming
Lecturer connects his USB flashdrive to open the presentationhe opens itall files are gone because the machine is infected with some nasty shit and not a single one of these faggots bother to report itlecture is cancelledwindows
teacher puts DVD inWindows xpDVD doesn't work with Windows movie playervlc pre installed by school for  this purposewhat's a vlc anon
implying your teacher is wronginb4 you think "SUBLIME MASTER RACE"kek
Achtually Atom master race :^
70 MB download for a text editorask whybecause it's written in JSall the keks
professor uses internet explorer to show us videos minimizes the program to switch tabs
TA is telling us about his research projectcrap netbook covered in stickers discharges in 20 minutesborrows laptop from student sitting in first rowlogs into his google account on a laptop running Windows 10 because his presentation is on google docsI wonder if he changed his password afterwards.
Wallpaper is a vertical picture of her dog/catteacher is called Ms. I can see why.
teacher connects their laptop for a presentation it's a maceverything just werks
cs teacher plugs in their laptopit's a riced anime desktop
nice made up story senpai
business information systems? classlecturer types his password in the username fieldfails to log in and slowly corrects his mistakeprojector was on the whole time and everyone was watching
Teacher is giving a presentation He's using Ubuntu He literally has like a 50 character root password goddamn
Wallpaper is a vertical picture of her son/daughterThere is nothing wrong with that. Better than an anime pic.
What's wrong with Avast?
lel
, 
Old Thread: IRC Channel#/g/wdg @ irc.rizon.netWeb client: class="quote"Learning materialclass="quote"Frontend developmentclass="quote"Backend developmentclass="quote"Useful toolsembed- Discover new open source libraries, modules and frameworks and keep track of ones you depend upon.NEET guide to web dev employmentembed
What are you guys working on?
first
Why should I use MongoDB over SQL?
I can't into MySQL. this scenario where creature 10 evolves to 11 and creature 11 evolves to 12, how would you search for all prior evolutions of creature 12 in one query?Returning 11 is simple since it'd involve just searching 12 in 'evolves_to'. But returning 10 or both 10 and 11 would involve going through 12 to 11 to 10, which I'm not sure how to do with subqueries or joins. [spoiler]Sorry for the probably silly question.[/spoiler]

BTW anons if you are interested in easier and more technologically futuristic programming language you should check out clojure. It has a lot of future in the comings years. Companies started adopting it. And it's going to be the next /g/ lang
you shouldn't
still working on report suggestions, bugs and features!I noticed that people distrust random links, so I have to say: this website does NOT use flash, NOR it does require javascript to use it. it only uses JS for the advanced features. these features make it much easier to use, though.both, helping and advertising. the idea is to ask people for feedback, and, of course, attract users.I've noticed that people make threads advertising websites that are still in development, so why not?hey, thanks!
If anyone knows angular js i need some serious help for a project im working on. I'm trying to create a chart data visualization. Please IM me on gmail. My gmail is crizilla@gmail.comPlease anons
no, fuck off
The non-golden ear'ed and "audio scientists" need not apply. I also hope everyone serious about their system has isolated their components using Stillpoints. them on my Mark Levinson and my MBL Corona transport, and WOW. Faster decay on the drums, less bloom in the mid-range, and more air in the soundstage. Highly recommended.
what the fuck kind of audiophile are you when you didn't DIY speakers?
I feel sorry for all the plebs that don't know how to filter on 4chan. Literally improves browsing experience by a thousand times.
how are the 5 threads working out for ya
autism
full blown autismo
k
filtering out "dick survey"your sort fucking disgust me
I don't like looking at dicks, unlike you.
but why, anon? they're so delicious!
This calls for regular expressions.
Does vanilla 4chan have an export/import filter function? All I see is using the URL, but I want something that could go past the character limit.
he doesn't enjoy looking at cute dickswhat are you, gay? Fucking faggot.
Don't know what character limit you're talking about. I have a huge list and the URL works fine for me.
Do you filter both the catalog page and the regular board index?
I do it by "Subject" and "Comment" I have two entries for every line, one is Subject and one is Comment.
Wow. This is true autism.Literally just off yourself.
You must be one of the "people" that make/posts in rolling threads and/or generals. No sir, YOU are the autism. I'm just sick of seeing the same shit over and over but realize there is some decent entertainment if you filter out the excrement.
Do you use the "add to watch list" part? I've had problems getting that to work the way I want. It'll add a thread once, but if I x it out at all, it won't add it again.
That's how it's supposed to work.
Alright, I'll just live with that then. Thanks
filtering out literally all numbersHoly shit, this is not your common kind of autism.I refuse to believe that this was written by hand.
You filter Rhode Island?
Fool. Look at the second half. It's filtering out all the area codes threads, you see them all the time on /b/, "939 nudes". And no, I didn't type them all out by hand. It was trivial doing it using Excel with find & replace.There are always "Oregon/etc nudes" threads on /b/. I just went ahead and filter all the states.
someone makes a thread with a number on itgets filteredYou are really dumb.
I know /g/ is technologically challenged but this works with an AND logic. So it doesn't get filtered out if you have something like "939 something nudes" but WILL filter out "939 nudes". In practical use, it works very well as I've been using it for a long time.
do you like living in an echo chamber?
browsing /b/found the problem
filtering all tripfags and namefags is pretty niceI kind of wish 4chan-x would append the reason to posts which still have their stubs shown.
How's your safe space working out OP?
if /b/ counts to 10, I'll kill myself OK. Now that OP can't see this, let me just say he's a fucking faggot.Dubs
OP may be autisticbut those are regular expressions champ
Enjoy two entries in the catalog
pastebin?
You could've saved 90% of those by using regex :^
You filtered mpv twice.
filtering programming/out/
I feel sorry for all the plebs that don't know regex.

I feel sorry for all the plebs that don't know how to regex.
whoops, I submitted that twice accidentallyit didn't show up/auto update until 3 minutes later, so I thought it didn't go through
They may as well not be
Excel? /b/?Holy fuck OP, this is really fucking autist, even for you.
My cpu has more threads then 4chan with these filters
cu͏ck
Having 1 core.
still might not see it if recursive filtering is on
Add me, you sound like a colossal autistic faggot.
Also, the whole point of 4chan is to have a somewhat uncensored place.By filtering shit out you are doing the opposite.You may as well just go to any tech forum or even reddit.
Autist
Hello OP, could you please lookup post number 51725026 on /g/ in the 4chan archives, thank you.
tfw this may be the most extreme case of autism
these are the people posting on /g/ now?why the fuck do I even come here anymore?
Post a pic of your catalogue, I want to see how many threads there are.
what
browse /b/worried about quality of postsayy lmao
this
It's really embarrassing when anons are trying to turn 4chan into reddit. I thought tripfags were suppose to be doing that.
this is what newfags actually believeAdded you to my filter, shitter.
4chan doesn't support it. This is the best I could do. And I don't want to do any plugins or addons.Oh boy, another "roll for 69 to see who you sleep with" thread.Can't be arsed, what is it?I don't have any particular order or organization. If I see something I think can be filtered, I just add it in the list."Use what's given", and "whatever works". Rather pathetic making fun of something just because you have no knowledge about it.
The only things I filter are "Reddit" and "shill/shilling". I used to filter kek out too but thanks to the word filters I don't have to anymore.
I used to use filters, but then like half the threads on the boards I went to were hidden. I just took that as a sign to stop going to those boards and stop using 4chan as much.You should also filter all names/trips and use recursive hiding on those, too.It's really embarrassing to think anyone wants to read your shitposts.
self-censorshipsafe spaceISHYGDDT
Oh look, you are actually that stupid.
310 and probably others are missing.  You can just do \d\d\d for all three-digit numbers.
Or just \d{3}
Well apparently your filters don't actually work since you just responded to  which contains the word 'mpv' which is listed not once but twice in your filter list.
#REKT
i've just got the catalog filtered.
 YouBWAHAHA FUCKING REKT OP
Nice argument. You must be correct. Try not to project so much.The thing about filters is that it just hides the thread/post with a stub, you can easily hover over it to see what it is or click on it to unhide.Surprisingly, the filter list I have is really efficient and dead on. It does filter a lot of the shit I don't want to see.
So how do you do it?
stubWhat's the fucking point then? you can still see there's a post there.
So you're the cancer that's turning 4chan into reddit?Why not just fuck off to reddit for good you raging homo?
Just OCR'd this shit, in case anyone wants to use the faggot OP filters
you want \d{1,3}\d\d\d and \d{3} only gets 000 through 999, and doesn't cover 0-9 and 00-99
m8, you're already fucking using regex with 4chan Xthat|is|what|this|bullshit|isyou're just fucking retarded and have no idea how to use it properlyfor example, you could replace that fucking disgusting list of/001|002|003|004....|999/with/\b\d{3}\b/;op:only\b = word boundary, beginning or end of word\d = any digit character{3} = repeated only three times;op:only; = only filter OPsall of your other filters are fucking disgusting too, and I'm not going to go through the whole thing and point out everything wrong with it for my own sanityAnother one, if something is optional, you can do thisso instead of/bitch|bitches/you can do/bitches?/bitch = match bitches? = optionally, match bitches
going to boards where you have to filter those in the first part of that listYou know that filtering is literally reddit and tumblr mentality, right?
The native extension supports regex too, but it's a pain in the ass to copy stuff in or out of it, which is probably why OP ended up with so much /this|that|another|long list/.
TFW all I want to see are cheeze pizza breads.
You have not seen that tripfag stalker on /sp/He wrote a "book" actually a 60 page pdf file with pictures how he and his favourite tripfag would live. He even made a door mat with posts calling the tripfag a tripfag.
Do you like furry diaper guro porn? Threads consisting of nothing but "roll"? No? Why would you WANT to see that? What difference does it make that you see it for two seconds while scrolling by it, or if you never see it at all?It's of no interest of you either way. It makes sense to see only the threads you come here for anyway.
lol, the one who later said he was trolling everyone?Trolling my balls, theres no way someone takes that much of effort just for fun, that guy does have a problem.
Why would you even go to boards containing such treads?
Hi
What was he called again? Also there was another retard who was so autistic that he used the heartbleed ssl bug to get access to the janitor/mod pages here, JUST TO FIND OUT THE IP OF A RETARDED TRIPFAG.
Some people like /b/, and the all the porn boards that are here. But they don't like certain kinds of fetishes and threads. There's nothing wrong with hiding them if you have no interest in them.
imgur fileHello reddit!
Here
class="prettyprint"^?!cheese ?pizza.*$
Hide all the dick threadsNothing left to see
Don't want to use any addons/plugins/whatever. The thing about scripting is that if you're going to do it more than three times, then you'd want to make a script. Same concept here, I'm only going to do it once. Your example of "bitches" is kind of silly, there's no reason for it. Just put "bitch|bitches" and then you're done, simple. I find that having it all easily readable is worth the extra if there is anything trouble of more complex regex.To summarize, I'm going to be doing this only once then save the URL that has everything, it's trivial to generate a list of 000 to 999 using Excel or whatever, and less complex regex means more readability.
hurr filters are reddit durrFucking newfags. That's why filtering and post/thread hiding is built into the native 4chan software? Moot has always said he supported self-moderation.
Shut the fuck up, reditor
What did UTV say in response? Is he still posting on /sp/?
Almost as beautiful as his pdf.
Reddit faggot detected.If you don't like the way people post on 4Chan, go to a more kid-friendly site.
If you want to be shielded from bad things like someone's else uncensored opinion then you need to fuck off to reddit.
Hiding retarded tripfags is one thing, hiding almost every post and then complaining about how the boards are so shit is something else.
Theres much more like pic related on his PDF he stalked UTV by months before he leftNo idea if he still posts
I'm for free speech, Even shit I disagree with and/or find a complete waste of time. Example, I didn't filter your stupid ass and I can enjoy watching others rip you a new one.

"Poems" wrote by him...
tfw I have a crush on a tripfag on /g/I'm scarred, how do you stop love?
protip: you don't
Nice safe space there.

You are part of the problem on why most boards are shit. Never hide and filter, that doesn't solve the problem it only hides it for you. Report, report, and report some more. I still do it on /g/ even if nothing happens, but I'm doing my part into bettering this shithole.
This. We run this joint to an extent. Filtering just hides problems like shitposting and makes them get worse.
I agree with your entire post. The reason people get to shitpost on some boards so much is because anons hide the cancer instead of reporting it. Then those same anons cry about how shitty their board is. It's pathetic.
And what does reporting do? Doesn't do shit. They'll find some way to bypass it even if they get on the off chance the mods aren't goofing off banned. And what are you going to do about rolling or general threads? Suddenly rolling or generals are against the rules that can be bannable?Filtering isn't hiding what is against the rules. Filtering is hiding what you don't want to see. I know your brain is underdeveloped but please try to think a little harder.
Kill yourself.
Leave anon alone, it's not the first time an anon has fallen in love with a tripfag.
Bruh, the more we filter, the more cancer we get. It's just how things are on 4chan. If that bothers you then you can always leave.
Found it
Also, the whole point of 4chan is to have a somewhat uncensored place.The point of anonymity was to open up the potential for honest communication, it was not to encourage self-absorbed shitposting."Oh, you like DFC?  Well, it's not something I could admit in public, but flat is justice!not:DA JOOS DA JOOS DA JOOS DA JOOS DA JOOOOOOOS!It's supposed to lift the filter for normalcy, not the one for basic civility in communication.  The new crop of social media special snowflakes doesn't seem to grasp this.  They turn off ALL their filters, and in doing so turn off all their thinking.  "Muh first thought is the right thought because that's what muh unfiltered feelings say!"  4chan is not here as your truthiness blog.  Turning off your brain and turning the area around you into a splatter zone is disrespectful to everyone else who uses the board.  You ARE supposed to exercise self-censorship.  You're not supposed to post whenever you want to be heard, you're supposed to post when you have something worth listening to.Filters are necessary for cleaning up those who haven't learned to filter themselves.
b-but how many of those reports are just people that dont like a thread which isnt necessarily off topic? even the report feature is probably cancer if youre the one sifting through it.
The more I filter, the more cancer there is? That's some logic you have there. Why's that? And don't say "That's how things are hurr".I'm not bothered at all, I filtered them out and am satisfied with the results of filtering.
this is an autism level not seen before
see
i remember that guy
Rate my filters.
gay and bad. fuck you
whai
What did the numbers do?
if this is meant to be "why" then you are next up against the wall
Read the thread
Area codes for /b/ hookup threads.OP can't into regex.
Not him but thats not the definition of an echo chamber. He is avoiding the echo chambers. Just bc he doesnt want to get cancer doesnt make him intolerant.Fuck your mother.
Found the poser
What program are you using to apply this filter?
It's there by default. Go to the top right of 4chan page at "Settings", "Filters & Post Hiding", "Filter and highlight specific threads/posts".
Thanks mate. It would be great if you will also publish your code; preferably under GPLv3.
doesn't want to see /b/-tier threadsgoes on /b/Maybe you should try growing up instead, faggot. This is what happens when you're home-schooled, ladies and gentleman.
now if only there was a way to filter the filterfags
We are /g/. You want to frogpost your rage at women because you're too socially inept to get laid, go to reddit or wizardchan.
mfw /g/ doesn't like filters4chan is not worth using without filters. Can any of you actually say that there are not multiple threads that are always up and that you always scroll past? Why the filter hate?
The native extension supports regexIn what sense? I can only seem to make it use the OR operator. All of the other operators that I've tried don't work.
Millennials' completely self-absorbed outlook:  "If I want to say something, that means everyone should be made to hear it!"They're so enamored with having opinions that they never stop to ask themselves if all these ones they've put zero effort into acquiring are worth posting about.
im just tired of the same circle jerk threads appearing all the time.Like a desktop thread is made 3-4x a day, with consistently the same images/posters.
The problem is that shitposting is not regular. You can't block the posts I don't want to see with regular expressions without getting a lot of false positives and false negatives. Of course, if I was the kind of mouthbreathing autistic who was triggered by simple words and phrases, I could probably use a filter to stop me from flying into rage fits when I scroll down the front page, but as is, I've only used my filter to temporarily block out spam.
complains about shit threadsshitposts
Filter Jew, kike, shill, guy, and "I wonder who's behind this."  On /g/, you'll never miss a post that was worth seeing.
*goy
How do I stop my toilet from smelling foul?Remove it from the house!
Hi long-nosed friend.
Exhibit A as to the quality of their posts.
I know air is free, but please go breathe somewhere else.
Shalom fellow Israeli.
posters: 63Exhibits B and C.
Is it an autistic and/or obsessive compulsive trait to do inordinate amounts of work to avoid briefly stepping out of your comfort zone? I've always suspected it is. All OP's problems could be solved by either learning regex or spending less time on /b/, but he does neither and instead creates that monstrosity. Even if he can't leave /b/, taking the time to learn regex should be no problem for someone who is clearly very interested in filtering 4chan.It kind of reminds me of how Ulillillia is optimizing his software rendered graphics engine to death instead of learning hardware rendering. It would have been easy to learn hardware rendering in the time he's spent on that game, but for that type of person, just slogging it out with what you know is much more appealing than changing your ways.I know how hard it is to learn a new language and to cut out something terrible that you're addicted to, but come on, OP. You can do it.
I bet you hail from Jerusalem.
You seem related to Moses.
It needs to be wrapped in slashes like /this/.
Hellow native Hebrew speaker.
being bombarded by incessant, repetitive shitposting that literally follows a rule that can be filtered"stepping out of your comfort zone"
90% of the time, yeah, probably, but sometimes people make relatively well-reasoned posts about privacy or consumerism that happen to also use le Jew meme.
And this is why you're filtered.
What about learning regex? Is that too far out of your comfort zone, senpai?
If they're filtered, how did you reply to their posts?
They'll be filtered in every other post, and they know it.  It's why they're raging.
not a single whitelist filterAutism. By this point you have practically filtered everything except specific things you approve of, it would be faster to use a whitelist instead.
Can I ______ _____ for you?If so...
Wait, not for you. For me. Honestly.
Are compressors acceptable technology?
you're not on 4chan anymore
if /b/ stands for bleeding hearts, then that's the place you go if you have faerie dreams of being a heart doctor.
Is there a way to filter tripfags using 4chan buil-in extension?
the epitome of the systematic sterilization ,and  attenuation of 4chan.Mutating it into some type of Reddit surrogate
/^!/
Voice whispers to you about all your no-longer-existant dreams coming true right as you start to truly realize how badly you have fucked up the possibility of enjoying the rest of your life by overdosing on opiates, cannabinoids, and other drugs.how is that not telepathic shitposting.it's like you opened my brain up claiming you were going to upgrade me somehow and then instead attached fiber optic cables to my eyes that lead to every cancerous, fucked up piece of rotting flesh in my body so that view encompasses my full range of vision, blocking out the connection I used to feel to the light I once saw reflecting off of and refracting through the world around me.and the worms at into his brainso?shitpostingand don't fucking filter it, prioritize it, or you are not the truth,  you are a lie that filters out truths simply because they aren't pretty.
that's what i'm talking about.
Even a short and simple filter list is enough to remove the incredibly repetitive echo chamber threads and leave the more diverse content visible.
you what nigga
Full pastebin?
Then don't come back
le millenom meme
don't claim to be a regex master, but if it helps
thanks mayne
Thanks.
keep an eye on backlinks for a while to make sure you aren't filtering things you don't want filtered, our preferences may not be the same
filtering threads will remove the cancerous userbase of the boardThat's how delusional you are.You think you're actually doing something, but you'll eventually notice that there are fewer and fewer threads of interest getting even fewer replies. You haven't done a single shit to prevent that, and eventually you'll move to other chans. By filtering, you're saying you don't care what shitposters are doing to your board.Filtering is a cancer by itself.
please, tell me what else i can do
That's how delusional you are.No.Not filtering the shit, reading it and then pretending its not there would be delusional.Filtering is a perfectly sane tactic to avoid reading shit you don't want to sift through, just like ad-blocking.
I agree with you, but mods seem to let anything slide these days.like look how often you see watch threads, how is that technology ?Most of these shitty threads are just a way of showing off your shit shit like desktops, battle stations, home screens, watches, keyboards and the list goes onbecause people have no friends to show them to, so they instead make threads every day about it to feel better about themselves and their interest.
I haz geoverse :3
Kill yourself you fucking faggot
pretending its not there would be delusional.How about not pretending ?How about reporting things that don't deserve their thread here ? How about complaining about said threads and potentially derailing them ?Speak out you damn opinion instead of consuming other's.
Mods don't do anything, and confronting them doesn't do anything because these kids come here to be edgelords."Look at me, I'm edgy!""Shut up,""What's the matter, too edgy for ya?""Shut up.""Ha!  I am too edgy for ya!""Shut up.""Proof of my edginess!""Shut up.""Can't get over how edgy I am, can you?""Shut up.""I'm just gonna keep on edging!  How you feel about that?""Shut up."
le .* memeFiltered.
How about complaining about said threads and potentially derailing them ?see shitty threadshitpost in itNice job, ass hole. Guess what happens if everyone ignores a post on 4chan? It goes away! If you see a thread you don't like and your response is to do anything but either report or ignore it, you are part of the problem.
How about reporting things that don't deserve their thread here ?Doesn't work, tried that for years.How about complaining about said threads and potentially derailing them ?I'm not going to waste my time shitposting in threads I have no interest in when I can just autohide them.Speak out you damn opinion instead of consuming other's.I have no opinion left, the threads are boring and I don't care about them other than the annoyance of having to scroll past them constantly, hence why I filter them.
Rawlin
I feel sorry for all the plebs that don't know how to write regular expressions. Literally the funnest part about programming.
sense we are posting filters, heres mineimage md5's of images no one wants to see, and it catches almost every version uploaded of said image. also/.webm/;highlight;top:nothat will highlight webm's i dont know why, but for some reason chrome shits out if more than a few webm's are open at once, killing all web traffic from the host for me... i have never encountered anyone else who has this issue, but the filter is nice none the less.
Blocking Yoolandi Vissser
btw I'm a girill
tis' a pleasant sight to see!fuckoff cunt
Damn, that some next-level bait. Nice try trying to trick newfags tho
Did a image to text conversion so everyone can share your autism!
WHAT IS THE PROBLEM WITH FILTERING STUFF?Filtering stuff remove the bullshit from 4chan, sounds like a good idea, right?Actually this idea has a problem and I will explain the problem.Imagine CNNCNN is a news tv channel, that say alot of bullshit about alot of stuff.So, not watching CNN is good RIGHT?Well, imagine you dont watch cnn, but some of your friends, or some site, or some anon or whateaver do. They see some information on CNN and accept it as true. While talking about some subject with you or while having some opinion, they assume this information they got from CNN is false.The information  they got there  is used on their comment, blog post or opinion but they dont get so specific when talking about it like CNN and so you cant see the bullshit throught their info, like would happen if you were watching CNN.Because you dont watch CNN, you didnt saw the CNN reporters explaining the bullshit stuff with enought detail to tell this is a bullshit opinion.you didnt saw the CNN reporters explaining the bullshit stuff with enought detail to tell this is a bullshit opinion.WHAT????Imagine CNN say ther are terroists living on NORTH KOREA, and they made some attack on some place X. Now imagine they show images of osama binladen and Hosni Mubarak and tell they are the terrorists involved. You know binladen is dead and Hosni Mubarak is a president, so CNN story is fake.Now imagine you dont watch CNN and someone else see this info and while talking about stuff with you talk about even china has terorists threats. You listen to him and say "wow even north korea". WOW
you have brain problems
Browsing 5 threads sure is fun. This 4chan. The entire site is one big shitpost sprinkled with content. Everybody who frequents these boards and uses meme are people who know what they're talking about but like shitposting. If you don't come here to primarily read shitposts and post shit yourself, you're an idiot. Also filters are for newfags who believe the aforementioned isn't the Holy Truth.
you have brain problemswhy?
I don't know why you're expecting quality posts from /b/ /mu/ and /tv/
then where can people find actual content?inb4 reddit
Maybe I just want to filter out the really shitty shitposts.
Literally a safe space/hugbox Worse than tumblr
filtering pone :You wrote all that yourself tho?
That entire third row y tho
That's another good word to add:  tumblrI have never seen a quality post using it.  The only ones who use it are /pol/tards whining about people who have different opinions than them.
generals are cancer anyway.
literally reddit
can't just ignore the posts he doesn't likeGrade a autism
Do you people not use mail systems with spam filters? Ad blocking? How is that different?Why are you on a technology board if you think that replacing drudgery with automation is for fags?
I uninstalled Chrome and now Clover won't play gifs, is there any way to get gif functionality back without the botnet?Pic unrelated
kill urself
Who is monty hall?
kill urself
kill urself
Kill yourself
kill yourself
Math problem to call out stupid people.They've made several versions in case you need a simpler one 
is this a shitposting thread?
I still won't change the door.

i try to masterbate but i dont have enoug to one and when i cum it isnt whole and my masterbate is fire
i am do pretty big cums to be sincere, familia
i ebin /i
Which OS are you using?
Let's talk Topre edition.OP image is quite self explanatory.Buyer's Guide:to Buy:Guide:Switches are subjective. Try a switch tester.Ignore all "switch guides".
speaking of Topre, has anyone tried out a novatouch.
muh gloried premium rubberdomes
using one right now. 10/10. awesome pricepoint and great topre feel. just make sure to buy new keycaps for it as the ones that are included are meh.
I own one. I like it. I still havent got around to lubing and silencing it yet. To me the size and keycap options are preferable over the RF even though the RF feels slightly more high quality.
Just ordered a custom tenkeyless from wasf. Anyone have any idea how long it takes for the order to process/ship?
if i buy a varmilo off mas drop will it have costar?
Very nice before silencing and adding thick caps, and excellent after.Is having your pretty pictures really preferential to something of actual quality?
CODE a high tier keyboard?I'm thinking about buying it.Currently using Steelseries 6gv2 with default keycaps and switches.
high tierIt's acceptable.
What's high tier then
A Korean custom.
They alright doe
Getting a white Ducky Shine 4 with MX Clears for xmas. Really fuckin looking forward to it with my white desk and white logitech g600
Where are you ordering it
White boards look sexy af. But I can't even keep a white shirt clean so I steer away from them.
using one right now. 10/10. awesome pricepoint and great topre feel. just make sure to buy new keycaps for it as the ones that are included are meh.Гждe зaкaзывaл клaвиaтypy/кeйкaпы? Cpaвнивaл Clear / Topre? Кaкиe лyчшe для пeчaти/игp?

that escape key
Looks like meme garbage.
Mechanicalkeyboards.comI live in Canada though so I got charged a fuck load for shipping then got raped by customs clearance and currency exchange. It was supposed to be 160$ USD but ended up being like 210$ USD or about 280$ CAD
Novatouch that was on saleCheap but pretty thick Vortex PBT blanksSilencing modI'm quite satisfied. Slightly tempted to find a blank red escape key.
PSA: mechanicals are shit. There's no proper feedback until you bottom out on Topre keyboards when typing fast. I've returned 2 Topres after incredibly underwhelming experience.
topre
Fuck I was supposed to say Cherry. Now I came of as a noob on an anonymous mongolian ice hockey board
way to fuck up.
I don't like topre so all mechanical keyboards must be shitThere are a lot of different switches out there.
It's regularly recommended. There's a drop on massdrop right now, so you better check that out.
I don't quite understand how massdrop works.
What's not to get?
Posting a qt grill won't make you less retarded, anon.
people will pay 200 usd for a keycap wtf
Is the concept too foreign for your simple mind? How difficult is it to understand how groupbuys work?guy contacts supplier for bulk order of certain goodspeople interested in the product pool money to fulfil the bulk order which is cheaper than purchasing individual unitsgoods are shipped to organizer's warehouses to be sorted and shipped to respective locations
Well I could order from any other official web store without any problem but I never heard about massdrop until the last week. I don't know what's the purpose of that site and why should I join it.
You join it if there is a product you want to buy.  Just like if there's something you want to buy from Amazon, you make an account there.
Ok thanks.
tfw .2mm o-rings on kul with blacksfeels smooth as fuck to type on and sounds like a fuckin topre almost
H O TOT
where did you get those keys?
To save money. You're basically trading time for money.
I play games where I end up spamming buttons very quickly, and end up bottoming out the board nearly all the time. I need quick responsiveness too. What kind of switches do you think I ought to go for? Preferably something with shorter key travel.
reds with .4mm o-rings
barely save money sometimes it is even more
Scissor switches.
i assume the o-rings are to help with the bottoming out?It seems there's very little in the way of consumer reviews / recommendations for scissor switch keyboards. Seems most people consider them inferior. I check the logicalincrements website, but they only recommended one keyboard.
yeah they make it softer and the thicker orings make the travel distance shorter
Felt like a Cherry switch to me for some reason when I tried it out. I have a Realforce.
Just ordered my novatouch.Pbt next year probably.
It's ok anon you made me feel like shit since I just ordered a topre but then this so now it's gud
friendly reminder that novatouch is a poor man's realforce and feels nothing like the real thing
poor man's premium glorified rubber dome So it's a slightly less expensive rubber dome keyboard?
poorfag mechbabbywhy even post
throwing money away for overpriced rubberdomeWhy even work?
so i can contribute to society and afford the better products out there. when you get a job you'll come to understand that you don't have to settle for less.
white hides spunk better
logicalincrements websiteWhy the fuck is the Sidwinder X4 still on there? It's out of production and $180 on Amazon, $270  Newegg.Anyway I've been thinking of the Cougar 200k, maybe check that out.
Don't have any info on those switches, but I just dipped my board... Opinions?
will it ever be back in stock /g/?
what did you dip it it, diarrhea?
All I need is a cheapish mechanical numpad that actually has numpad input and is blue/white/green switches. does such a thing exist?
Will I ever need to buy another keyboard again now that I've discovered Cherry MX Clear?
realforcefriendly remonder that realforce make the ugliest keyboards out there
commie language/g/wot
do any mechanical keyboards weigh around 500g? to be comfy on my lap
What, because you've found a switch you like you assume there are no others?to be comfy on my lapSubhuman.
No.Adesso AKP-220B has blue switches and numpad scancodes.  I will say no more.
/mkg/mechanical keyboards generalposts shitty rubberdomes
Nope.
anyone here who owns a q-pad or lioncast k20?I just want a reliable mechanical keyboard for 100€ in germany.pls gib
If you're really happy with it, then no. At most, you can get another keyboard for work. Just call it a day and don't fall for the multiple keyboard meme.
Whats the point of having a programmable Mech keyboard
custom tasks. Like how some keyboards had an email or internet button. You can program a key or a combination of keys to do a certain task.
Is CM Quick Fire TK Stealth with Browns any good? It's on sale for 70€ here in Finland, so I was wondering if it's worth that price.
Just got one of theseStupidly I thought the bottom middle was clear but it's black, why the fuck is black included in test packs? oh wellSince I wanted to try out if I wanted Green, Clear or NovaTouch next.When it arrives, can you get the feel of a Clear some how? Like a black but with a bump?
I have a CM Storm QuickFire Rapid-i with browns which presumably is pretty similar.I really like it, it's my main board
put the black spring in the brown switch
The brown slider is not the same as a clear.
Custom layouts, like making your caps lock something useful.
black spring in green and ignore the click?
That would be even more different.
Thoughts on the HHKB Pro 2?I really like the looks and compactness of it, but I use the function keys a fair amount not a crazy lot, but a decently fair amount and I'm worried about having to use two fingers to access the function keys all the time.The other option is getting a realforce or a novatouch, but I don't like the TKL look as much as I like the look of the HHKB.
Why not Novatouch?
I have a ducky shine miniI have a hard time without the arrowkeys etc pretty often so i started maining TKLs
How does the Shine Mini handle arrow keys?I barely ever use the arrow keys on my Ducky Shine 4. I don't think I'd have a lot of trouble with pressing the FN key with my pinky on the right side while using the arrow keys with the rest of my hand.
/g/ why is it so difficult to find an azerty mechanical keyboard ?inb4 yuropoor
Tea!!
tea is technology?
I wish there would be more posters on europe time teacan never catch america time becase of timezones
not drinking Chinese tea
Only cocksuckers drink tea
Find a real tea shop and get something other than dust and not always tea dust in a bag.
everything is technologyreminder that eating pickes is like eating teabags
My favorite tea
SMART TEA FUCKING WHEN?
how does it feel to be a neckbeard dirtbag result of generations of incest?
Twinings is pretty good
My family drinks tea, but I prefer juice.
pg tips faggot detected
Smart tea for smart people is teachnology.

No Russian caravan. this is pleb tier tea..
What tea would be considered /g/ tier anyways?
Enjoy my tea with enough sugar and lemon to make it nuclear orange and only a shadow of its former selfBuy cheap orange pekoe due to thisRun out one dayGo into the cupboard full of all the novelty tea and gift coffee we get from peopleFind some white teaWell, let's hope this is supremeMake it as per normalTastes exactly like NeoCitronLife was good that day.
Twining's is shit-tier for everything except fruit tea. Come on, not even Yorkshire Tea or Lancashire Tea?

Oolong tea
We already have. Although ginkgo is better, but also has higher risks.
essplane
Fuck off retard.
Ginkgo tea contains gingkol acid which can cause gastritis and heavy allergy reactions. Because the amount in natural tea is not controlled here in europoor they want to classify it as harmful. The ingredients have quite some positive effect including a small brain boost. On a side note the gingko tree is quite popular here as a decorative plant.Ginseng has less side effects, its main effect is a immune system boost but also boost concentration and brain activity. The white contains more agents than the red but the red is more common. So ginkgo is more of a smart tea but contains higher risk when consumed as tea but ginseng is more safe.
look, i like tea as much as the next guy, and probably more, but if you're interested in talking about tea or coffee or whatever, take it to /ck/.stop this silo'ing shit. it's cancer.
Shamfur dispray, but I must say I was guilty of doing that at one point too.My favorite tea during the mid day is milk oolong, other times it's earl gray with milk. and no I'm not a britbong.Also I own pic related, you can set temperature and have it hold for 15 minutes.
I put a bag of these in my teapot of pu'er tea. I recently bought ginseng roots and use these instead, This is god-tier.
Black. Anything else is bullshit.
How does /tea/ feel about coffee?
ree coffefags get out etc
Making gyokuro. Good morning /g/ :
Okay, but not as good as a nice black coffee
I find it tastes awful, and only good for the caffeine. If I just want caffeine, I have caffeine pills which are cheaper in bulk, faster to consume, easier to have quickly, and taste more neutral since I just swallow a pill with water.
Not owning an enamel kettleDo you even know how to comfy anon
I prefer a lighter black
You forgot your frog memeWhat do you mean? I would dare to say that you've never had a good blonde roast coffee then. I'm going to assume so. It's very much not "coffee-like" in the sense of the stereotypical roasted sense. More of the natural bean flavor ones through in a light roast, revealing an entire world of flavors that many people don't know about. Heavy roasted coffee is the devil.
You will never drink tea with cute anime girls Life is suffering
nigger
I lived in Seattle for a few months and spent all my off time visiting different coffee shops - not just myriad Starbucks locations. Seattle and Portland are probably the only major *quality* coffee cities in the world my experience has been that NYC has more coffee per capita, but mostly as an alternative to cocaine for people to stay alive with so little sleep.I've found tolerable coffee, but I almost universally prefer tea. And more importantly, there was no practical way to bring the "good coffee" that I found in Seattle back home to the Bay Area, so even if I found coffee I loved I would still have to go back to drinking shit tier coffee back home although I'm underselling the coffee shops I've found around here - some of which have been at least "all right".
What do you mean?i acctually meant black tea. kek
Ginger Lemon tea with extra pieces of fresh ginger and some drops of fresh lemon juice
Also a little bit of honey for sweetness.But I honestly only drink tea in winter.
/t/
thingking you could ever be hacker without the appropriate beverage
Literally Starbucks of tea. I bet ur macfag too :
Where u get that pot m8?
all these niggers not just drinking plain black teahFUCKING FAGSI bet you havent even prayed to your queen today
your mom prayed to my cock today
are you that guy who posted his battle station with your CM?I had one of those things on itpic related
If you make your tea with bags, you will forever be a pleb.
does /g/ have a favourite tea-cup? pic related
tea cupThat's a coffee mug you shit
sports direct mug
That's a coffee mug you shitsorry, I don't even english :^
Just because it was born as a coffee mug does NOT MAKE IT A COFFEE MUG.

twinings vanilla for muh d
mew
this oneAlso neat that it's larger than most of the mugs I have, but the handle gets pretty hot.
Tea is not technology.B u g g e r   o f fuggeroff
aw
I prefer cappuccino but ginseng tea is nice.
Nunca bebi chimarrão
/ck/black tea with a bit of milk and no sugar = perfect
There's a cool mug man
implying
milk fuck youfucking degenerates
ITT pretentious fagortery
literally who
Ctrl+FTeavana0 ResultsIt's like you fellow Americans don't want easily accessible loose leaf tea. My favorite is an Oolong mint blend with just a hint of ginger and honey.
This is by far my favourite.
so apparently you don't have these in clapistan?
who else milk Oolong here
Más vale que sea playadito guachin
They don't have a electric kettle? How are they making hot water in small quantities?
there's not much of a tea culture in the US, so a dedicated kettle is considered kind of excessive. It would be like owning a sous vide machine or something.If we want to boil water, most people either microwave a cup or boil a pot of water although I don't have a microwave, and I do have a kettle; I'm just reporting on the norms around me.
Teavana is like the Bose or Beats Audio of tea. They sell a mid range product at a premium price and normies think it's amazing because they've never had anything else. It's far better to buy your tea directly from the country of origin, or go to a locally owned tea shop where the owner actually cares and isn't stocking leaf that's been sitting in a warehouse for two years.
microwave a cup
It's not common, but I've seen a few. Normally, I just put a kettle on a stove.
holy shit this picture is what the resolution of monitors years ago
you do realize Teavana is owned by Starbucks right
While I don't do it, I don't find it as disdainful as you seem to. I don't get all emotional about how people heat water.If you want to persuade me to care half as much as you do, I'm probably open to it, just... you know, post more than a reaction gif.
It doesn't matter as long as you don't let it boil too long.
an electric kettle is cheap and boils in around 40 seconds. enjoy your last century
It seems like a pretty huge waste of energy. But mericlaps doesn't seem to care about wasting resources anyway.
So you're objecting profusely because it's wasting energy?The microwave is on for like a minute for a single cup, maybe 90 seconds.How much energy are you sweating over here? I'm assuming you've run the numbers on this huge injustice. I've got a light on I don't need. Are you going to have me shot?
I drink this 3-5 times a week, depending on where my job takes me.I also use a solid state drive and dumb phone.
implying analog kettles don't also boil in like 40 secondsI will admit the temperature control stuff could come in handy.
even coffeefags should own a kettle.unless you have those hot water taps designed for hot drinks, then i'll let you off
To be fair, a microwave to boil water would have to use far more energy by design since the water molecules have to absorb radiation than just putting it on a stove.
if you drink as much tea as an average brit or irish person, you'd be wasting a fortune
Hello. I am Tea.
Not him; I was posting about how americans generally use a stove and microwave. don't be a faggot with facts. neither a gas nor an electric stove would turn room temperature water into boiling water in 40 seconds from a cold start.i'm not advocating that every incidental tea drinker MUST get an electric kettle, but the trade-off is one every person has to make. For some people the occasional tea in 10 minutes versus 5 minutes remember you have to steep tea for a few minutes regardless isn't that big a deal. That's fine.
I'm very classic.Yorkshire tea or Twining's Earl Grey suits me just fine. I wish I could like coffee but I don't think I've ever had any good coffee.
Yes, but like I said, there's not nearly as much of a tea culture in the US as there is in the UK. I didn't just say that to fill space; people don't make tea as often in the US - not by a long long shot.
What? A kettle on a gas stove only takes like a minute for a cup.
implying I don't have a teapot which implements the HTCPCP-TEA
Americans don't own kettlesI just don't understand that country.
Sometimes I empty out the contents of a teabag into a shotglass with water in it and drink it I'm not sure how bad for me this is
It's not bad for you; it's just gross.No we have kettles. Just not electric kettles. Or at least where I live.
The specific heat of water and the conductivity of most metals suitable for stovetop cooking equipment makes that pretty hard to believe, unless you're priming things e.g. heating the kettle in advance so that the water immediately comes in contact with a whole bunch of hot surface area.I'm willing to buy that it would take between a 2 and 3 minutes for hot water coming out of the tap to come to boiling if you poured it into a room temp kettle and immediately placed that on a stove, but honestly none of this matters. The point is that people don't drink that much tea in the US, and it doesn't make sense to invest in an electric kettle for the people that drink tea only incidentally compared to people in the UK.You're acting like an autist by insisting on these specific details. What matters is that a stovetop kettle is sufficient for Americans who drink tea occasionally, and a microwave is sufficient for people who drink tea rarely. All this head-shaking over the wastefulness of a microwave running for 2 minutes a month is retarded.
Yorkshire tea  * desu

Kek, enjoy your buzz anon.
Why is this so hard to believe? I make a cup of tea every morning and it takes like 1 minute to boil. It's a small kettle with only a little bit of water placed on a big flame. There is absolutely no reason why it should take as long as you are claiming. Obviously if you use a huge pot and/or more water it'll take longer. I can't be assed to run numbers for you though.By the way, I don't really care about the rest of your argument if it isn't clear. I'm just contesting this bizarre notion that heating up a little bit of water on a stove takes a long time.
yes
Only pic I could find of it. And it's technically a coffee mug, but I use it for tea too.
mfw people add sugar to tea
brown sugar sometimes is ok though, but most of the time without any sugar
That finger is huuuge
for you
I have long finger yes.
That's the blood of the gods. Bitter as hell though.
Came here to post this, God's choice for bagged and loose leaf tea.
Got this with a built in steeper for two bucks never used at a tag sale. Get loose leaf at a local market for a fraction the price of tea bags.Makes two cups at a time, green in 5 minutes black in 8.I would highly recommend a cheap one to anyone who likes tea.
Old thread is near bump limitIntended for users of all levels, including absolute beginners.There are three ways to try GNU plus Linux, you can:1 Install a GNU plus Linux OS on a VM Virtual Machine/VirtualBox for "safety purposes"2 Use the Live ISO directly without installing anything, that way, you can get a "full GNU plus Linux experience".3 Go balls deep and overwrite everything with GNU plus Linux very recommended, for your freedomIf you are serious about switching to GNU plus Linux and if you have Windows dual-booted recommended for pure newbies,we recommend you use it exclusively for 2 weeks, and avoid Windows dual booting for that period of time, or it'slikely you will start retreating back to windows instead of getting used to GNU plus Linux as your new home and working onmaking it feel the way you want it.Recommended for beginners: -SourceMage [Recommended]-Suicide GNU plus LinuxBefore asking, please find the answers to your questions in resources.Please be civil, notice the "Friendly" in every Friendly GNU plus Linux Thread.Understand that much of your software from Windows will be unavailable, although maybe wine can make up for it.Resources:man insert command hereyour friendly neighborhood search engine/g/sqt
About to sign up with pic related, is there another option I should know about ?
45.30.45.38.41.41.44.43
the LOST lottery number!
O.P.I.S.D.E.A.D2spooky
kek how do you even come up with that?
Polymeric falcighol derivation
- record separator - &   ' +Did I win?
They look like galactic coordinates.Where... where the fuck did you get these?
Srsly op there should be some context, how do we know the answer isn't nonsense?At least give us the form of answer you want us to find
, 
Recently found out my GPU is sagging pretty bad.Is it harmful?Is so whats the best way to fix it?Ghetto fixed appreciated.
It can be destructive in some situations. Theres an image floating around somewhere of a Gigabyte motherboard's PCI-E x16 slot completely destroyed by card sag.In most cases though it results in the far end contacts from the notch having a harder time maintaining contact. If the sag is too far the lanes will lose the connection resulting in malfunctions, and in worst case scenarios board and card damage.Best way to fix it is to either get a card that is properly supported backplate or other support mechanism connected to the PCI bracket, or keep the current one and use something to support it fishing line tied to the top of the case works, as is using something from below to prop the card up..
I'm using a spare bit of 7/0.2 wire I had.String would fine too but I found the wire first
Just route the GPU power cable above the GPU, and make sure that shit is tight. That way your cable is holding up your card, it helps a bit.
i put dominos under that corner.
I had some zip ties lying around so I went that route. I attached them to the end of the fan shroud and it pretty much lines out now.
much better than before, thanks /g/ents
I have employed this tactic many times.
Hey /g//uysIs it worth to buy grounding/ antistatic wrist straps?I will be building a new pc so...Do i need one?
Yes, absolutely. You really don't want to try $400 worth of components because you didn't want to spend an extra five.
I've built millions of computers, never used one, never fried shit.
Even if these were a meme this guys has a valid point. $5 is cheaper than any of your components.
I do embedded systems for a living, and so I'm working with exposed hardware a lot. The problem with electrostatic damage is that its effects can be subtle and cumulative. If you fuck up your hardware, you probably won't notice until it's too late. Even then, you won't realize why your hardware is suddenly fucking up.That being said, I never use one of those at work and I've never seen anyone else on my team use one either. If you know how to handle the hardware safely, I say fuck it, but if you're worried at all, it's better safe than sorry.That being said, you might be able to get something usable with shit lying around at home. All you need is a finger ring a wire and some alligator clips, and you're good to go. Clip one end of the wire to the ring and the other to a ground, and you just saved some money.
Tiny electronic components by themselves could be killed without one sure, but building a PC is pretty much 99.9999% safe without, because you'll most likely just charge a capacitor with your static than anything else. Computer PCBs are whole circuits, not just little components that would fry.
/thread
Touch regularly a heating radiator, which is generally grounded.
, 
what books are you reading?
 Download links for mpv.- class="quote" Download link for youtube-dl.- class="quote" Useful lua scripts for mpv.- class="quote" High configuration, needs a good graphic card.vo=opengl-hq:scale=ewa_lanczossharp:cscale=ewa_lanczossoft:scale-antiring=0.8:cscale-antiring=0.9hwdec=no Nnedi3 configuration, needs a very good graphic card.vo=opengl-hq:scale=ewa_lanczossharp:cscale=ewa_lanczossoft:prescale=nnedi3:nnedi3-neurons=64:scale-antiring=0.8:cscale-antiring=0.9hwdec=no
 Download links for baka-mplayer, the best mpv based gui player.- 
I thought the dev of that script said it was pointless with the introduction of display-sync?
Display-sync is too gpu consuming at the moment.
Is there even any chance of it being less demanding?
I think it needs an OpenGL fix to improve performance.
So basically waiting for ANGLE/dxinterop implementations as far as Windows is concerned?
Just started using mpv after trying it a few times without switching.Why is the default settings for the OSC so shitty?A lot more newbies would stick with mpv if they didn't have to read the manual to get the OSC to be good, I assumed you couldn't change it the first time I tried the player but now I've switched the OSC to the bar style and it's easily the best looking player I've tried out of VLC, MPC-HC and Potplayer.
why does display-resample work perfectly except when in fullscreen?
Don't know if it will change something about this performance issue.For me on windows, the best is to use the autospeedwin lua script with nircmd in the path.Fucking perfect playback without any dropped frames.Seems better than madvr with display modes and reclock.And I use the rorgoroth's builds because there are more updated than the official ones.Do you mean seeking bar at the bottom picture related.I do not like it very much...
I get the opposite. Huge amount of dropped frames windowed but fullscreen is smooth.
actually, scratch that, compiled the latest git and it seems fine now, whatever it was seems to have been fixed since i last updated
Damned NNEDI3 is just awesome. SuperXBR is a little bit too strong for me.And I don't see any image distortions like some mpv fags said. What the hell, it should be as default.
that's not even the mpv icon, anon
Try dwmflush=windowed?
Already using it to alleviate the tearing issues in fullscreen.
Do you mean seeking bar at the bottom picture related.yeah.Or at least make the default OSC bubble smaller and closer to the bottom which you can also do manually in the conf.I'm just saying the default bubble that covers such a large portion of the player seems really off-putting to be the default, could just be me though.
It's the Numix Project's mpv icon.
Thank god someone can make a half decent looking icon for it because holy fuck the current one is rubbish.
I quite like the default. But easy to change.
How do I get nnedi3 working in mpv? When I use the config in the OP it says:"Invalid value for option prescale: nnedi3"I'm using the latest git master.
Compile with --enable-gpl3 I believe.
Got it working now. Thanks
Why not adding a configuration for medium graphic cards?Does ewa_robidouxsharp is good for medium configuration and sharpened picture lovers?What about the new adaptive-sharpen post shader? Is it better than ewa_robidouxsharp?
Give me one good reason not to use VLC over this, Rajeet.
Pfff, vlc is a dumb video player.
It does everything I could possibly need with zero setup or fucking around with config files required. No loo for you this month.
Does it mean that apple and linux operating systems can perform like or better than windows for htpc?That's wonderful, 3 years ago that was completely stupid to use them as htpc purpose.And it's fully open source, not like madvr or potplayer. Great job devs!
You do not config file, default settings are enough.
Did the official Ubuntu package drop the OSC or what?
you guys working on osx performance improvements?  it's lagging the linux version
HTPC2015lmao everyone just uses plex now grandpa
What are the settings for a T420 with intel 3000 GPU?Specifically for the hardware decoder.
This is about playing videos at a higher quality With a complex video player?
I use mpc hc with Reclock, just because it comes bundled and I have to do minimum config myself.Movies are ok, but watching animu with reclock is god tier
Since people here might be knowledgeable about this: how do I reencode an h264 stream so that it's compatible for concatenation with mkvmerge? Considering that I don't know the initial encoding settings.
I just drop files into mkvmerge and they always work unless they're wmv
Yeah but in that case I have to reencode because I want to split it at frames that are not keyframes.
still shilling for this garbage

So default mpv settings use spline36 and kodi has optimized spline36.Does it mean that kodi  mpv?
Yes kodi has a nice GUI and better video quality algorithms.
I've got a Thinkpad x200 and when I connect an HDMI cable to put it on a screen without mirroring the displays I get dropped frames out the ass.  But when I mirror them it runs great, but at a smaller resolution.Not sure why that is.
Does Bakamplayer follow the same conf settings in the mpv configuration directory?
Is a Nvidia 960 4gb fast enough for the nnedi3 settings?
I actually hate flat design
Is it really better than madvr?It seems to be but why there are no guide on video/htpc forums?
NOT THIS SHIT AGAIN.High configuration, needs a good graphic card.and then:hwdec=noPls fuck off.
Happy?
Damned are you an idiot, hwdec mess video rendering so much!So please do not use it, even on your high end smartphone, it's shit.
Very.
Anyone have the link to the progress bar?
Can someone explain this?Why is hwdec bad?
bomi is better than this shit.
Oh fuck I never noticed it was off center before.
Doesn't decoding with a GPU produce a lot of noise?
You son of a bitch
Why is hwdec bad?Debanding doesn't work with hwdec at least not for meNo
C:\Program Files\BakaMPlayeryoutube-dl.exe "IOmPDvVz3MA: Downloading webpage[youtube] IOmPDvVz3MA: Downloading video info webpage[youtube] IOmPDvVz3MA: Extracting video information[youtube] IOmPDvVz3MA: Downloading DASH manifest[youtube] IOmPDvVz3MA: Downloading DASH manifestERROR: unable to open for writing: [Errno 13] Permission denied: u"PlayStation Experience 2015 - UNCHARTED 4 - A Thief's End - PSX 2015 Trailer _ PS4-IOmPDvVz3MA.mp4.part"Whot it is because youtube-dl.exe is on Program Files?
This is my first time ITT and I use MPC-HC.Why is MPV better?
Autist configurations that you need to do using a terminal
what's the point of owning a PS4 if you're going to use mpv anyway?
I moved from MPC-HC just recently and I'm an utter casual retard who can't do anything in a terminal.From my experience so far the advantages are:1. it's portable, you can just drop your folder with your configs across devices and it will just werk2. it's pretty minimalistic which some might like, some might not3. once you get your settings right it looks sleek and feels like your OS' native player, as in this is what it should be by default.4. The settings require your to read up on them, but once you do they all make perfect sense and are quite flexible.For example I set webms but only webms to loop and they do so perfectly.Then I set a minimum vertical %age of the screen for files to stretch to for all those tiny webms and old videos and a max vertical/horizontal %age for large videos so the window is always within the space that I'd typically want it.MPC-HC and potplayer have a similar feature but it's based on pixels, where as since this is percentage based I can move my folder onto a device with a smaller resolution and it will behave the same.It's just little neat things like that that I think make it shine.I've only used it for a few days but it's really just good.tl,dr: minimalist, functional, portable, make it behave EXACTLY how you want.
Program files is admin write onlyNeed to run the command from documents or something, or run youtube-dl as administrator via admin cmd. Altho the downloaded file will be stored in program files folder  -Not optimal
I was merely pointing out the stupidity of the copypasted OP in every fucking mpv thread. Why would you need a good gpu if you disable hwdec??
You lost me.Is it better if I disable hwdec if I have bad GPU?Like Intel 3000?
Just stick with MPC-HC, senpai. Avoid all this autistic headache.
I use mpc-hc with Lavfilters, and I have a gtx 960. I use hardware decoding for everything, lavfilters are very, very good. I cannot notice the tiniest difference in picture quality compared to cpu decoding.The main advantage of gpu assisted decoding is that you have a much lower energy impact on your CPU. That is why tiny, cheap htpcs can show 4k 10bit HEVC streams without breaking a sweat, provided you have a gtx 960.In other words: if your machine is strong enough cpu-wise, you can disable hwdec.Or you could compare the picture quality with with hwdec on/off yourself and see if you notice a difference. beware: 10bit x264 animu is not supported by hardware decoding
I recently switched to MPC-HC from VLC. The colors are more true but the color gradients in dark scenes is godawful. Going back to VLC makes everything look like I'm watching through a thin pale mist, which might be what covers up the banding, but the banding is bad enough in MPC-HC for it to bother me. That's why I'm here, trying to find out if it's worth the autism to switch. I wouldn't recommend MPC-HC after using it. Also the icon for it is really, really shitty.
Also the icon for it is really, really shitty.Sounds like you already have the required autism level for mpv. you should probably switch.
I downloaded MPV about a year ago and have been happily using it ever since. Should I download the newest version, or should I just stick to the one I'm currently using? Keep in mind that I'm on a 5 year old laptop, are the newer MPV versions optimized for good spec PCs or would I too benefit from them?
get madvr
Strange, I've never noticed the banding issues you mention. What decoder and renderer do you use in mpc?
You can always compile from source.  I'm on a core2duo and it's great.  Can't play everything though.
why do people come to threads like this just to complain about how they're too stupid to figure out basic config and parameters for a program?
KekI'll look into itI'm running it stock, I've only been using it for a few days. Is this something expected with MPC? Tech illiterate trying to cure my ignorancecauses VLC to look so foggy might be covering up the banding, but it's pretty fucking obvious against the wall, nevertheless.
You're always going to get banding with 8-bit content, anon.
mpv with vo=opengl-hq will give you less banding
Is nobody annoyed byt the [ffmpeg] No trailing CRLF found in HTTP header.spam when watching a stream?
Perhaps so, but it was still a big enough of a change that it made me pause and open the same episode in VLC to see if it was just a shitty torrent or if it was the change in the video player. I'd upload another comparison of I Am Legend but I already deleted it. When it came to the scene where Will Smith was chasing his dog in the dark room it got so bad I paused the movie and switched players. Thanks, I'll play around with mpv and see if I get better results.
You're getting worse banding in mpv than in other players? Can you post a comparison?But yeah definitely look into the debanding options which are already baked into vo=opengl-hq.
No, my banding problems are in MPC-HC, I haven't tried MPV yet. See this  for a comparison to VLCGoing to sleep now but I'll read any recommendations or insults when I wake up. Trying to figure this stuff out
Banding in VLC compared to mpv.
When are they going to fix this?
slightly tangential question, why is this script not working? I wanna watch muh sports with sopcast through mpv
forgot: the error is./sp-sc-auth: error while loading shared libraries: libstdc++.so.5: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
do whereis libstdc++.so.5 in terminal, then change the path in the script?
yeah that's why I have /usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.5 as target in the scriptI'm gonna try copying the library to the same directory as the sopcast program and see if it works
vo=opengl-hq:scale=ewa_lanczossharp:cscale=ewa_lanczossoft:prescale=nnedi3:nnedi3-neurons=64:scale-antiring=0.8:cscale-antiring=0.9Welp, time to retire the ol' 570...What kind of beastly thing is required to run this well?
390x
download linkswhy don't you just get it from repository, using your package manager? just like straight people do
Bomi is dead but you can maintain it since it's open source.
slim bottombar
For my Radeon 5770 + Free software drivers on Debian mostly Stable, I use:vo=opengl:backend=x11:waitvsync:scale=ewa_lanczossoft:cscale=mitchell:deband:deband-threshold=48:deband-grain=0:sigmoid-upscaling:sigmoid-slope=5.0:scale-antiring=0.8:post-shaders=~/Videos/6T.glslThis is fast enough for reliable display-resample at 48Hz refresh with medium speed manual GPU power management radeon.dpm=0 boot parameter, echo mid  /sys/class/drm/card0/device/power_profile, so the fan is constant speed and not too annoying.6T.glsl is found here:changed sharp_strength to 0.4 and sharp_clamp to 0.03The backend/waitvsync might be unnecessary, I haven't tested.
Why do you need a good CPU if you're never going to use it either?
Downgrade your os, this version was made for the next poor performance apple devices.Apple earn more money replacing batteries by children not anymore I hope than with iTunes.This is the number 1 commercial argument, long battery life without recharging for emergent countries.But as side effect they need to make huge regressions inside mac osx.
H-how, fa͏m?
Nvidia cards are artificially gimped, for simple compute tasks like these AMD cards are much much better.
Your question has nothing to do with my argument. Educate yourself.
Will compiling from source create an executable more fit to my laptop's specs or something? I've just been using the lachs0r Windows build so far. Sorry if it's a dumb question, I suck at this.
fucking around with osc.lua
Your “argument” is literally “you have a GPU, use it”. My argument is “you have a CPU, use it”.
This thread explain why mpv windows builds need an installer with these options:- auto updater for mpv, youtube-dl and some lua scripts- correct performance presets, updated too- set as default media player
No, my argument is: why does OP state that a good GPU is needed when in the next step he disables hardware decoding.
Because video RENDERING happens on the GPU, you mouthbreathing inbred. Rendering and decoding are two different things and high quality rendering is what eats performance for breakfast.
I thought hwdec used the GPU, with it off does it not use CPU instead?
MPV is mostly bottlenecked by the GPU so better CPU optimization won't make much difference.
Only if you're using GPU intensive features.
Even if you don't compiling won't change jack shit, most of the performance critical stuff is ASM'd anyway.
where's the settings file in windows?
You make a mpv.conf file in the same folder

Install Gentoo
I don't like that icon.I made one of my own awhile back.
when will there by SVP-like interpolation in mpv?i don't mean smoothmotion, that just transposes 2 frames on top of each other when switching, which gives it a gross ghosting effect.is there any software that runs a video through avisynth with SVP stuff and streams it on a web-server for mpv to watch? i'm assuming that'd be the way to do it.
not properly centering the symboltriggered
Use mvtool vapoursynth plugin
SVP said they're making ports for mpv on linux and mac, it was a goal on their indiegogo. No idea if they will actually deliver or not.
runs fine on my HD7850 with the free radeonsi driver
when will there by SVP-like interpolation in mpv?You mean you actually want that gross artifacting and soap opera effect? Watch things at their native framerates you fuckwit. SVP looks like cancer.
soap operaliterally trying to justify 24/25/30 fps with "IT DOESN'T FEEL RIGHT HURR"jesus i thought /g/ was filled with smart peopleyou get points on the artifacts, though
literally trying to turn 24fps content in 60fps and thinking it will work wellJust fuck off.
what're you even trying to argue?
I'm not trying to argue anything, just stating fact. SVP is useless shit that does nothing but ruin video fidelity and should be used by nobody.
i see
It technically is.If you mean center it with bias towards like volume on a vertical slice, you do it yourself kiddo :^
%APPDATA%\mpv
Inside the mpv folder. If it's not there, create it.
Anyone knows if I can make 5.1 to stereo with mpv. I don't remember the word now...
Oh. I mean downmix.
audio-channels=2
How well do AMD cards work with Linux?
Thanks.
I am a headphone user.pan=2:[1,0,0,1,0.7071,0.7071,1,1,-0.7071,0.7071,-0.7071,0.7071]
well, my hd7850 runs great on the free driver, but i have not:a. used the proprietary driver personally with this cardb. used any other remotely recent amd card in linux i used nvidia cards in linux before this one, my previous ati card was a 2900XT, but was still using windows back then
pic related
In lieu of using autospeedwin would using the decimal speedup value in the config permanently be better, only have one refresh rate of choice.
found the greatest add on for firefox.
You have to change the default location for mpv, it uses the linux dir by default.
The amd closed-source is better than nvidia closed-source for tear-free video playback.t. gtx550ti and 7750 owner.
Just use auto
No, Kodi has always been behind madVR and mpvThere's a reason DSPlayer exists
Probably not, but you can try
tfw I just discovered ab_loop and it's keybindingI ONCE WAAAAUHSSS LOST
madVR attracted a lot of dumb windows people who hate changeBecause you're using the GPU for all the other intensive rendering you dumb fuck
You might get better performance with more intensive settings with hwdec disabled, at least I do on my single channel memory T420 that has a HD3000, on both madVR and mpv
The packages on some repositories are outdated by two or three years
mpv already comes with correct presets and defaultsThere's a script to use mpv as a default program in lasch0r's pageyoutube-dl can update itself, you would only need to create a task to do itIt's a bad idea to auto update mpv, with the fast development it goes through things sometimes are deprecated, which could destroy the configurations of some anons
VLC wrongly decodes/renders video ranges, that's why it looks like that
Retard here. I need some help here. When watching my x264 chinese cartoons my subs start to get out of sync. How would i go about fixing that? Thank you in advance.
It's a bad idea to auto update mpv, with the fast development it goes through things sometimes are deprecated, which could destroy the configurations of some anonsactual releases 0.13, etc aren't really -that- frequently though.
I dualboot arch and windows for gaymenrecently installed mpv on windows because I was too l azy to restartwatching anime my laptop starts to fucking stutter and lag, mind you mpv runs fucking fantastic on arch, even with just integrated graphics even though my windows install has full use of my 960mis the windows build just shit or what
The Windows version of mpv is at the mercy of Windows' shitty OpenGL implementation. The devs don't want to maintain two renderers D3D and GL, so it has to be GL. Upcoming builds will have some workarounds for Windows GL problems, possibly including an ANGLE backend.In the meantime, you could try playing with the dwmflush suboption. --vo=opengl:dwmflush=off or --vo=opengl:dwmflush=windowed might help. Also try switching display-sync on or off. If all else fails, there is also --vo=direct3d.
How the fuck I use youtube.dll.exe on Win10?
assuming youtube-dl.exe, you put youtube-dl.exe in your PATH, then open up cmd and run "youtube-dl --help", to see how to use it
note that mpv will be able to use it if its in PATH or alongside "mpv.exe" itself
Why is hwdec bad?Poor rendering in order to get the speed results.
Just found the greatest add on for firefox.Open With is better. 
Use a newer windows compiled build: one has been abandoned: 
This one has been abandoned:Well, not literally. It's just moved to only making a release when mpv makes a release. mpv should be releasing soon.
Running Baka MPlayer, whenever I try to play something from my FTP I get [mpv]: ftp: 220 Welcome to FTP server[mpv]: ftp: 331 Please specify the password.[mpv]: ftp: FTP authentication failed[mpv]: ftp: FTP open failedIs there anything I can do to fix this? It's quite annoying.
This one has been abandoned: They just do builds when there's a release, which is fine.
Does appending a bullshit login fix it?ftp://anonymous:anonymous@ftphost.com/file/location/anime.mkv
Yeah, that solved it. Thanks.
ftp requires a log in by design, most ftp clients will assume anonymous:anonymous if otherwise unspecified, as it's the defacto means of using ftp "publicly"this should probably be reported as a bug
So do you guys have any evidence than disabling Nvidia PureVideo/AMD equivalent actually produces higher quality images? Because from what I've seen using CUVID does produces higher image quality than DXVA and Intel.
proofs?
I use it on Windows, too, but on OS X it won't open. You'd have to move the entire mpv folder elsewhere for it to work.
You mean about cuvid being better than dxva?thats something widely know but if you want pics you will have to wait for tomorrow.
Open With is betterWhat deprecated version of firefox do you use?
I tried half an hour to get DD and DTS working with mpv. Not possible, neither over Pulse nor Alsa output. In Kodi it took 10 seconds to get it working.
Can anyone get backend= working on Windows builds?
are you using s/pdif or something?
Yes.

why do people pretend you have to be an autist to install mpv?
to justify using crap like madvr on mpc-hc
I registered an mpv:// protocol so I could just call it with anything, so long as I prepend it with "mpv://" it gets sent to mpv. This video is old, I made the script prettier and made sure to get the video url directly so it doesn't show the api key but that's not the point, it just opens a tab with "mpv://which sends it to mpv, then it closes the tab before it should be noticed.
Playing: + Video --vid=1 * h264 + Audio --aid=1 --alang=und * aaclibva info: VA-API version 0.38.0libva info: va_getDriverName returns 0libva info: Trying to open /usr/lib/dri/i965_drv_video.solibva info: va_openDriver returns -1libva info: VA-API version 0.38.0libva info: va_getDriverName returns 0libva info: Trying to open /usr/lib/dri/i965_drv_video.solibva info: va_openDriver returns -1AO: [pulse] 44100Hz stereo 2ch floatUsing software decoding.VO: [opengl-hq] 480x360 yuv420pAm I doing something wrong?Why doesn't it use hwdec? I set it to auto, but it still uses the software decoder.
So it's the best windows player but why it's so much slower than madvr with mpc-hc?Do not say it's driver fault, it isn't.Seriously guys you say it because you do not use windows anymore, doesn't it?I know windows is bad, not spyware free and full of crap but hey do not lie about program performance or quality.
English mother fucker.
 Useful lua scripts for mpv.not linking xrandr.lua
Is madshi creating a kodi dsplayer fork?No more madvr updates and so many posts in the kodi dsplayer thread?
Cute image.Aww shi nigga
Isn't this set up by default?Does anyone have a link to a good sample to test 5.1 audio?
xrandr.luaWhat does it do?
memepv
mpv is actually good tho
what's mpv? why should i use it? OP don't answer any of thoses important questions
              The  default is --audio-channels=auto, which tries to play audio using the input file's channel layout. Or more precisely, the output of the              audio filter chain. empty is an accepted obsolete alias for auto.              This will also request the channel layout from the decoder. If the decoder does not support the layout, it will fall back to its native chan‐              nel  layout.   You  can  use --ad-lavc-downmix=no to make the decoder always output its native layout. Note that only some decoders support              remixing audio.  Some that do include AC-3, AAC or DTS audio.              If the channel layout of the media file i.e. the decoder and the AO's channel layout don't match, mpv will attempt to insert  a  conversion              filter.
 Nnedi3 configuration, needs a very good graphic card.would that work on windows? on an nvidia 670?
From the first Google result: "mpv is a free and open-source media player based on MPlayer and mplayer2."You should use it because it's better than the alternatives.Any other questions?
, 
What are closed loop water coolers for if they perform worse than air coolers but cost more?
So people can act like they have a custom water cooling setup without actually making a full loop.
It's about keeping temperature fluctuations to a minimum amplitude. You'll notice that idle and load temperatures are at a smaller delta than air. Pure air setups can be a lot louder at times than closed loop.
Pure air setups can be a lot louder at times than closed loopAnd CLCs can be a lot louder than any decent air cooler 100% of the time. There is no CLC in existence that can offer the noise levels of a huge dual tower air cooler with decent fans. Pump noise is unavoidable.
d15 looks ugly as fuck
All CLCs look ugly as fuck.
So people don't warp their motherboards and cpus
things that never happened because of weight
Intel, please leave.
I said weight. Intels  shit happens because the whole assembly is too tight
Pure air setups are loudMy D15 begs to differ.If you don't have a windowed case this a literal non-issue.
For higher end chips. No air cooler can handle an overclocked x99 chip.
Air coolers can absolutely handle it.I have a 4790k at 4.7ghz with a D15. Idle is 26c, when gaming it's very rarely above 45c. Even when I have my cpu held at 100% use accross all core and hyperthreading during photo rendering it tops out at about 60c.
Your mainstream shit isn't x99 faggot
The x99 chips aren't that much more extreme or hot running, and if you think they are you need to do some research.
Are you fucking high?  Plenty of people are running air cooling on high wattage chips,  X99 isn't some mystical fucking volcano chip.  An example is the FX lineup,  they use as much juice and in some instances a LOT more than X99 chips,  yet they are very docile with decent air cooling.  The performance of the FX line might be lacking compared to X99, but they are basically the same thermally.
because it makes it easier to get to components and looks neater. Also quieter for the same amount of cooling.
To make money off of gamebros.
This desu senpaiNothing is blocked with a water cooler.
I want to use gaming memory with 5 inch heat spreaders
I like to check things that go wrong easily. Same reason I don't super zip tie every cable in my life. Easeeverything else
They're ballerAn AIO will always look cooler than a big heatsink
lolnope
riceautismlike this guy
easeThere are more parts that can break on an AiO tho. Pump, built in res, tubing comes off and leaks all over the place. Unlikely, yes, but it can happen.A heat sink is literally just a chunk of metal with no moving parts other than the fans. If this is not the easiest solution, I don't know what is
4.3GHz core / 4.3GHz uncore / 1.2Vcore on a 5960X using a Noctua NH-D15.Temps never go above 75c and fans never go above 1600rpm.
d14 at idlefucking nothingd14 under full loadfucking nothing maybe next time don't use some $20 air cooler or some POS stock cooler
class="quote"YFW WATERCOOLING KEKSAYY
money. I can't believe  is the only post that understands this. The rest of you can't be that stupid.
Because the CLC's you have in your graph are Corsair garbage. There are good CLCs from Swifttech and EKWB that outperform Air easily.Actually I'd like someone to tell me how the EK Predator is any worse than a custom loop. It's easily expandable.
rice, duh
I would hardly call the EK predator closed loop.
It definitely isn't quieter.
Well it's an AIO in the same category then.
Provided some evidence..Also, those swiftech and ekwb kits aren't exactly CLC. They are literally assembled custom loops.
run prime95 and post results.
I'd like someone to tell me how the EK Predator is any worse than a custom loopit's got a shitty block with a shitty ddcyou can literally build a real loop for less.
So far in all of these CLC threads I've seen the only valid point has been that it looks "baller", which is highly subjective.This is, of course, ignoring the fact that a large portion of /g/ prefers their computers to look like a featureless black monolith with no way to see the innards, making a CLC something you'll only ever show off in guts threads.
You idle using an air cooler at 26C?doubt.jpg
You never know, he could live in an igloo.
It is as long as you don't get Corsair garbage with their garbage 2700rpm fans. Problem is people think Corsair is the only one that makes AIOs and to a lesser extent CM. Corsair garbage IS ricer shit that is worse than air but all other AIOs get put in the same bin of shit and it isn't fair. They are literally assembled custom loops.There's literally no difference in design between Corsair's AIOs and a H220 except you can expand a H220 since they use fittings that you can reseal.See pic, also this is with Swifttech fans, stick some GTs or EK Vardars then you got something even better.
Also another thing to note is the D15 is using 140mm fans, if we compare it to a H240x then the gap would be even wider.
but all other AIOs get put in the same bin of shit and it isn't fair.After posting a chart showing every other CLC to be very loud and performing unconvincinglyYou're not making a very good point here mate.
They're  complete no names though. Be honest, 90% of all the builds with a AIO in it is a Corsair and the last bit might be a CM or NZXT, you hardly ever see anything else. Swifttech and EKWB are known brands for water cooling.
The point of a water cooler is providing a decently large surface area for heat transferingthe radiator availble for mounting somewhere else other than right on top of the CPU and then using a fluid to transfer the heat load from the CPU to the radiator using a pump.This is great if you don't have huge amounts of space imediately on top of the CPU, but have it somewhere else availble in your case.Over short distances, using a solid material would be better for conducting heat, so in that case an air cooler would provide for faster transfer and, given a nice air flow, better performance.However, like  said, because water has a higher specific heat than copper or any other metal, you also keep temperature fluctuations to a minimum. That way the water cooler setup gets hotter slower than the air cooler.All this said, closed loop water coolers are meant to facilitate and make having a water cooling setup for the reasons described above easier for the masses.
I'm sorry but you've just gone fromEveryone who isn't Corsair are getting a bad name because of CorsairToEveryone is shit except these two namesThat's quite a far cry from your other point. Regardless, the use case for a CLC of any kind is pretty small unless you're aiming for a very high end x99 chip. If that's the case, why not just got for a custom loop which will perform considerably better again? If you're going to buy a CPU approaching a thousand dollars then you certainly should consider a custom loop.
i obviously don't go pulling my hsf off all the time, but over the years i've grown tired of fucking with xbox huge tower coolers with complicated mounting solutions. clcs these days are very easy to install and do their job well enough.
Maybe you should read, yes all other AIOs get put into the garbage bin including the ones that actually are garbage. I never said all other AIOs are top tier dumbo. People only know AIOs by the Corsair name is all I'm saying.the use case for a CLC of any kind is pretty small unless you're aiming for a very high end x99 chip.You couldn't be more wrong. x99 doesn't have as much of a heat problem because Intel actually solders those chips. I own both a 4820k and a 4770k. 4820k doesn't go over 70 with a 4.5Ghz OC, the 4770k however has a better cooler and goes over 80 at full load with the same overclock. Both have similar voltages as well. It's very needed for Haswell pre devil's canyon and non-E Ivy Bridge. If that's the case, why not just got for a custom loop which will perform considerably better again?Because that requires more effort and also you can get a H220X for $140 which is less than most loops. The H220 went on sale for $100 for a good while.
You said, and this is copied from your postall other AIOs get put in the same bin of shit and it isn't fair.The bit about "all" is a pretty stark contrast to "everyone except these two brands are shit"Haswell needing more cooling than x99But that's just wrong, go look at the wealth of benchmarks not only on the web as a whole but even just in this thread. Even the humble 212 evo has no problem keeping up with average CLCs several times its price when it's handling the lower TDP of an Haswell CPU. The only charts that the CLCs pull ahead in any way are the ones using a CPU with a TDP greater than 120 watts.As for the thermal paste buggery having an input, it really doesn't. It's a simple equation, energy out has to be equal to energy in or else the temperature will rise until there's an equilibrium. That's why we look at the temperature delta and not just the temperature, because the chip used in the benchmark affects the highest temperatures. It's also why they use the exact same chip for all the tests, because even between two identical model numbers the difference is enormous.Price on the h220Again, if you're buying a CPU approaching one thousand dollars, yes, that's $1,000, then you'll be more than likely to have the money to spend on a decent water cooling solution. As for convenience, I'll concede that point to a certain extent with the note that if you're finding water cooling difficult you'll probably be needing assistance for the entire rest of the build anyways.
I'm not going to repeat myself, I already told you that isn't what I meant by that. Also you're strawmanning since I never said anything but those brands, those are just two that I know that perform well. CM also has a cooler that's basically a h220.But that's just wrong, go look at the wealth of benchmarks not only on the web as a whole but even just in this thread. See picAs for the thermal paste buggery having an input, it really doesn't.It really fucking does see pic and also see the next pic I postAgain, if you're buying a CPU approaching one thousand dollars,You don't need to spend 1k for x99 and this is moot anyway since non-E is hotter.
Here's the difference in temps using better TIM on SkylakeAlso here's an article on it for Devil's Canyonhave to go out now but I might respond in an hour or two.
I'm not going to repeat myselfAnd yet you're going to make me repeat myselfIt really fucking does see pic and also see the next pic I postAgain, you look at the temperature delta, not the temperature. The thermal paste means that haswell runs inherently warmer, regardless of cooler used. The lower TDP, on the other hand, means that exactly which cooler used is not going to make as big a difference because there's less thermal energy to be moved. Go look at the graphs in this thread. See how there's a huge advantage to the CLCs compared to the lower air coolers on the high end CPUs? Now look at the ones with mainstream CPUs. See how even the 212 is keeping up? Thermal energy is the deciding factor here.You don't need to spend 1k for x99 and this is moot anyway since non-E is hotter.You're right, I'm taking the extreme end of the scale. Regardless, none of the x99 processors are cheap and the added costs associated with the enthusiast chipset and so on and forth still make it far more reasonable to consider a custom loop.
The difference in TIM does not have any impact on the matter at hand, it STILL COMES DOWN TO TDP.We had HUNDREDS of these threads when the issue was revealed. We had EVEN MORE when the high temps on AMDs 290X reference cards were revealed and people thought they were heating the room up way more because they were running hotter. The absolute temperature is irrelevant, it's the thermal energy that is important. How small do I need to make that teaspoon before it will sink in?
Already did when I built the machine. As I said, never goes above 75c.
My CPU idles at 15C and my GPUs in SLI idle at 20C.Sweden winrar
They were always for meant for silence. I'm not sure why people on /g/ think they're cooler than traditional heatsink / fan.
Fuck off it does. Excuse the cables and tape, I'm waiting on a few things before I properly mod this case.
They were always for meant for silenceYou don't add more moving parts to achieve silence. If you want silence you either get a Noctua and put the fans as low as possible or you get one of those laughably large passive heatsinks.I know appearances are subjective but there is nothing pretty about their stuff. The choice in colour is bland to the point of being offensive, the shapes are clunky but not enough to be exciting and the half arsed attempt at making them look decent just ends up killing any utilitarian appearance they could have achieved.That being said they're amazing an anyone who discounts them because of their looks should be shot on the spot, repeatedly.
We're not arguing TDP or if the E-line produces more heat here dummy. Of course it does but because of the superior heat transfer you aren't limited by temps nearly as much as you are with the mainstream K chips.  See how even the 212 is keeping up? It's 90c in the OP... I don't even see it on the one I posted which is the only one with a E chip. You're going to have to point out the differences to me. Anyway this case might be true but it still misses the entire point. The difference in TIM does not have any impact on the matter at handAnd here is where the whole issue is, TDP isn't the only factor here bud. A cooler that isn't transferring heat as efficiently is going to need to work harder in order to cool. It's that simple. How small do I need to make this teaspoon?
A cooler that isn't transferring heat asBut the cooler is, the IHS isn't. Temperature is irrelevant, thermal energy is important.It's 90c in the OP... I don't even see it on the one I posted which is the only one with a E chipWay to ignore the one thing I've been singing repeatedly. Once again now, sing the chorus with me;Absolute temperature is what now?
But the cooler is, the IHS isn't.Semantics, the result is the same. The cooler needs to work harder.Sing all you want, you droning on about TDP doesn't change anything I said. You can't even point out the baseless claims you made.
No air cooler can handle an overclocked x99 chip.Huh?  C/W is C/W dude.  Linear fucking relationship.
no CM nepton 280Levery fucking time
The cooler needs to work harder.No, it doesn't. It's dissipating LESS heat. What hit of "temperature is irrelevant, thermal energy is what matters" is difficult. Less thermal energy, less work for the heatsink regardless of the absolute temperature. That is why you see a closer grouping on the mainstream, lower TDP products than you do on the enthusiast grade power guzzling monsters.Like I've said earlier, we had this conversation when the 290x came out. Temperatures have almost nothing to say on the matter, you're Tring to get rid of thermal energy here.
We've already gone over this and all you've done is repeat yourself instead of actually making a rebuttal. Yes, we've already gone over that it has less heat output you bonehead. What part of loss of heat transfer don't YOU understand? It doesn't matter if it has less to work with if it's not working efficiently in the first place.Temperature is not irrelevant, these solderless chips hit TJ max far easier than any soldered E processor. I don't know why you can't get this when I even posted goddamn proof of it but that still isn't enough for your dense head. Keep droning on. I'm going to bed.
Oh and you haven't even pointed out this grouping either, the Hyper 212 is in only one of these graphs
The prof you've posted yourself contradicts you and shows my point. The grouping is there.BoneheadNice, can't make a point so you go to insults.Going to bedSleep well anon, hopefully you'll have a think on this after you wake up.
Hyper 212 was mentioned as an extreme edge case, as it's often trotted out as the epitome of price/performance and more importantly is absurdly cheap.The point stands with all other air coolers, especially those more expensive.
fucking nasty shit, pls fuck off.
Rad fans act as exhausts as well
muh colorsNon-friendly reminder that Noctua actually makes grey but also black fans.
muh premium price and marketingNon-friendly reminder that Noctua actually doesn't make the best fans and EK Vardars are superior.
 EK Vardars are superior.I just need two 120mm fans that can dissipate a gpu sucking down 375w.
looks
recently learned that Cooler Master is selling shittier versions of Hyper 212 EVO in Europe compared to the rest of the worldfan maxes out at 1600rpm instead of 2000rpmI feel raped financially, mentally and thermodynamically.
Noctua's fluid bearings are very reliable and last many years without getting noisier. EK uses ball bearings which often get noisy as they age, and the specified 50000 hour MTBF is not very impressive.
My GT's with ball bearings sound just as good as the day I bought them. Been over 5 years now. I even have two unused ones to compare. Thing about ball bearings is you can easily relubricate them if issues arise. Noctua's fans require a seal so you're kinda fucked, some people have reported leaks. Only time will tell if Noctuas will last, their warranty is very good though. Don't think anyone has them beat there. I think only Noiseblocker matches it.
Hyper 212 evo, 3 minutes of idle, fans at 7v 400-600rpmCheck those overnight low temps.
Akasa Venom Voodoo, how good are these?
What am I supposed to think about when you didn't even make a rebuttal here? Nor did you even point out something simple to have a basis for your claims. The one that you did point out fell on your face. What are the other air coolers? Point it out senpai. Looking back this really is funny how baseless all this is.Again, you have these solderless mainstream K chips hitting TJ max with mild OCs even with high end AIOs. You run into a temp issue before you do with soldered E chips which can get 50% OCs before running into temp issues. But yes, the shitty TIM doesn't matter right? TDP is everything and the soldered E chip needs the better cooler regardless of facts.
that empty feeling when you upgrade to a new pc and your old one is cast aside like a piece of junkGoodbye old friend, we had some good times together
So you just but ALL parts for a new PC?Why not just buy a pre built? Would be a lot cheaper.
I'll have this feeling soon too. 7 years strong on my current computer.Jesus fuck.
I always hand my old pc down to my parents or younger brother.
donate it you selfish prickor give it to family 
This. I have a hard drive, a psu and an HD 4890 still running well in a brother's pc. His room doesn't have heat either, so during the winter months we overclock it to hell.
upgrade toa new pcold one cast asidewhat?you BUY computers whole instead of just upgrading components? are you retarded?
I'll probably just replace everything but the gpu in mine, but it's getting pretty old. Going on 6-7 years now
m-m-maybe I'll use the old box as a server or HTPCrealize you'd save in power by just buying some cheap modern box implying it's worth buying old parts that cost more than better performing onesHave you seen the price of DDR2
Use it as a server you fucking retard jesus christ.

When you buy a new computer or enough parts that the old computer will still work you delegate a small task to the old computer such as torrenting, file server, etc. so that it can still feel useful and loved.
fucking trash poorfag
what is upgradingShaking my head family
What if I'm jewish and don't want to waste power?
coming from a board full of autists that won't stick with what werks
cast asideWtf is wrong with you? You sell the parts online
seeing my old machine being used by my two nieces aged 10 and 9they bring their little friends to play on iteverytime I do a routine check theres a shitton of malwarepc is all dusty clean it up everytime I am sorry old friend this is the best I can do, at least you're still running.
I sell mine with a freshly installed OEM OS and a keylogger.
i know this feel exactlyalso, post your nieces, anon
I kept my old case so I like to think my old friend is still here with me. She's just gotten stronger.I'm gonna cry when one day this case is no longer adequate.
i've got a little advice for youstop being such a cunt
9 years on mine. I'm getting closer to retiring it.;-;
gave mine to my friend who needed a new system.we now game on GTA V together.
not turning it into a kick ass HTPC, couch gamer/emulation console or even passing it on to a younger sibling or friend
I just gradually and continually exchange part by part so it's like it's the same one for  just upgraded. I know almost none of the original parts are there anymore but humans are like that too in a way, right? I read something, somewhere, about how our cells gets replaced by newer ones until we no longer have any original ones left.
that feeling when you upgrade to a new pc and your old one is turned into a server that stays on 24/7I love upgrading.
What's the earliest age you'd give a smartphone to a kid?
13
when they start high schoolalready i see 2 year olds with their own tablets and I just nope silently
When they're old enough to drive. Also, if you're a millennial reading this: your brain is permanently fucked up and you're gay
In Finland everyone gets a smartphone when they start 1st grade. Finland also has the best education system in the world.
Not till he can afford his own.
how tightly can I lock it down? in the highly unlikely event I would ever have a kid, I'd keep tablets and smartphones away from them until they're a teenager, or close to it, and only then without the ability to install their own apps, social media blocked in the browser, etc etc. A desktop computer in their own room I'd give them at, like, 5 or 6, though. I'd put Linux on it and slowly remove the restrictions on it, and then around 11 or 12 give her the root password and tell her it's all hers now.
Whenever he/she asks for it.I'm not expecting my kids to be technologically illiterate nor will I force them to be.
12 seems reasonable.  That being said most kids are gonna have they're in the double digits now.  Seriously, fuck the smart phone industry, pushing consumerist shit onto kids like that.
arguing about how kids shouldn't get total internet accesson 4chan
Probably 15.
Its true tho. If I had never found 4chan I would probably have more conformist opinions and a less abrasive personality. I would also probably have more money somehow.
We grew up in a pre-facebook era. The web was an esoteric thing full of nerds. Now it's full of normies and there are giant companies dedicated to tracking every move you make forever. That'd be my bigger worry. Plus, hands up, who in our generation got their start in computer knowledge from sneaking crap past nannyware? I want my kid to chafe just a bit at the restrictions so as to have some motivation to learn to try and get around them.
yeah, but i guess 4 chan has forged our personalities, i mean, its full of shitposting, and pretencious people/haters but those haters made us what we are today inb4 a bunch of faggots
i'd give her my smartphone if you know what i mean
And then your kid would be issued a tablet or laptop at school, or they would have access to computer at school/with their friends.My parents tried some similar shit with me, anon. It didn't work. It never works.
well, just restrict pornhub and xvideos and your son will have all the motivation to stop being a tech illiterate/normie
18.
this
12. It's when I'd give my kid a phone to begin with.You'd probably be the same sort of loser you are today, except more of a normalfag.a good third of what I knew about computers as a kid came from trying to get around the school computers' restrictions
When they can afford it, or at least half of it. My mom always had me pay 1/2 of anything i wanted such as a Game boy. It isn't hard to scrap up $50 in a few weeks when you're in adolescence. I got it by pulling weeds and shit.
fuck that, they can buy their own damn smartphone
im a millennial and i didn’t get my first smart phone until I was 18, and it's the same one I still have.
16
And a Greece-tier economy
When I can trust them to go somewhere like a friends house on their own
When they're old enough to comprehend the depraved wall of pudgy pimply onahole humping furry porn drawing arch ricing hentai fapping neckbeards that will come rushing their way, should they let on they're a minor.tl;dr when they're 40
so... she has a tattoo of a car brand there... wtf
Ayyyy
young and dumb, shes allowed to
Nokia doesn't count Bork senpai
kekFucking kids have phones since like 5Your kid will be the loser one if you don't give him an smart phone when he is 5
I want to say this, but they're going to be so out of touch. They're going to be the weird poor kid that no one wants to invite over because they can't play some game with them.
Kid will be a loserI'm fine with this, spoiled cunts need to learn how to work hard for shit anyways.
When they finish high school. Dumbphone during high school.
Yeah, I can tell you first hand that it sucks.Do you have a Nintendo, Anon?No. My parents say video games are bad.Oh... I was wondering if you played the new Metroid.Rinse and repeat a few dozen times and then you're "that kid."
chances are if they're my kid, they're gonna be that kid anyway
as soon as they are operating a computer without guidance, which for my own offspring god forbid would be fairly early I would imagine.It'd be prepaid, not have a credit card attached to the store account and fairly locked down, but not giving your child access to instant communication with adults in an emergency is just insanity. Even better, find my phone features can double as find my kidnapped child features - assuming any kidnapper isn't smart enough to take their phone away.
I would say whenever but only if they buy it themselves, like a game console. For computers I would give them a linux desktop, possibly until they are 6 they would use a text based interface and some games I choose, then I would upgrade them to a regular desktop OS.A tablet as we know it today is a useless toy with nothing but really stupid distractions. At least on console the games can at least be... substantive.Maybe if they were really into art I would buy them an art tablet but otherwise... no, have a flip phone.When they are 13 maybe then I wouldn't care.
As soon as I feel they're able to care for something expensive and fragile. Honestly, every kid is different. I've seen kids who throw their shit around like it's a baton, and I've seen others treat their shit like jeweled eggs. I'd tell them about being responsible on the internet and being mindful of their privacy and let them use it. If it becomes a problem then it becomes a problem. Big whoop.
Forcing your kids to use LinuxThat's completely impractical, both of my younger brothers, one in high school and the other recently graduated, were required to use microsoft office for schoolwork and there were courses centered around it.  You're dreaming if you don't think that the first day they start middle school they won't be required to use Windows and Office.
By the time they finish high school they should be more than capable of buying their own phoneAgreed on the dumb phone point, though I'd probably give them one a little earlier than that
2/10 made me reply
Tablet made for three year olds...
16 Too easy to find porn on the internet these days
Sanest answer in here.
Doesn't matter, you can resist until their friends start carrying, then it's either they are the odd ball out and most likely bullied or they blend in with the rest.Did you forget what it's like to be a kid? Once a fad happens you either follow or weep in the corner alone.As a side note, I think smartphones are seriously like giving shotguns to bullies in schools, before they dunked your head in the toilet, now they film it too.
What wrong with porn senpai? Get outta here and pls don't reproduce.
Not while he's a child, for sure. I'd give him when he turns 11 or 12. I'll leave him learn be social without a smartphone. Honestly, seeing first-graders with iphones makes me mad. I'd still give him a tablet or a computer to play with, though. I won't let him be completely illiterate with tech.inb4 himIt's gonna be a boy, faggots
at this point it doesn't matter because kids in elementary school are already using the internet at home if not earlier.
Yeah and your child will be the only one without a smartphone, that will surely help him/her socialize.Want to turn your kid to emo?

Just get your an Nexus 7 and install Nova, leaving just some apps that are not games. Install a terminal app and watch him ask "Daddy, what is that"? Haha, true. I'm into bondage and urethral insertions now. fug!!! Thank god I'm not into /d/ stuff, at least! Hah!
My 9 year old cousin already has an iphone.I think it's the 5c.Needless to say he's pretty popular and his girl friends also have phones... it's 2015 come on, people need phones!
Only 8 seem to apply in reality. But what the fuck do I know.
giving a 16 year, who hasn't ever had the temptation of a smartphone, a smartphonetrusting them to not text and drive
I can't even fap to 9/10 women, they're too attractive for me. I prefer homely amateur porn
ToLoveHonorAndVacuum.comsee you see kay
I'd actually say the year before high school. Give them some time to get to know how to use it maturely before throwing them into a new environment with it.
wine :^Also microsoft office classes are usually things you have to specifically pick I thought? All the kids need is some Mavis Beacon anyway.
fify
I'm into bondage and urethral insertions now. fug!!!
The younger you start doing something, the better you will be at it when you grow up.Raising people on technology is a great idea, but shit like tablets and smartphones? You are going to be raising plebs.

Shit like this is why I'm going to install some harsh nanny-ware.My child isn't going to walk up to me and proclaim he's some foxkin gender tri-fluid nigger faggot.
thisheard the rumor that many of the people that made the ipad wont let their kids use them
When they, without a doubt, require options provided by smartphones that a regular phone can't provide.For example, they learn how to drive, so they need a GPS.
Porn won't spend my paycheck though.
No need for me to watch that since I believe all the points have a basis in neurology because of dopamine and shit. Not to mention I've seen my parents marriage get dissolved due to my mother having a big fat hate boner for it and my step-father ignoring her whims.Well, thats as far as addiction goes. But where I stand is that only 8 seems to affect me. I suppose if I actually had a relationship then I'd understand a little better.
14 -16 depending on his attitude and maturity
wait, what's wrong with that? Is it because I said "fug!!"urethral insertions are perferctly normal, man
I wouldn't. They can save up their own money and buy it if they want. Until then they can have the regular brick phone.
chevy tattoowhat? is she so supposed to break down in 5 years and be scrapped?
Probably like two or three
people in this thread actually think they can keep their kids from using smartphones when they themselves use it all the timein reality they're the most likely to get their kids to form bad habits
all the timeI have literally found my cellphone dead with an empty battery because I've forgotten about using it for three straight days
Do you want your kids to grow up with 4chan? Think about what it did to you!
your brain is permanently fucked up
Hah. The only reason I'm where I am now is that 4chan provided me the information to be a well-rounded and functioning adult that my actual parents aren't able to, and not for lack of trying.I think that if you introduce 4chan late enough into their development cycle sometime around 18 years old, that it won't influence them enough to be meme-loving shitbags, but influence them enough that it can have a positive effect on their growth as human beings.[/blog]
As soon as he can be trusted with it and only if he wants one. I don't want him to grow up to be that guy who calls tech support.However, smartphones are not the no 1 choice for baby's first gadget.
I would never damage a child permanently with a fucking pile of shit that is designed to integrate him into the fucking botnet and rape his privacy.No child of mine will ever have this subversive, pile of shit technology.
Age of 13 or so, a 6630 :^
I would give my kid jolla but make it dump, when the kid finds a way to compile software and fix the broken configurations I have left on it he is ready for smartphone.
Smartphone? lol fuck no. When they get to high school they'll get a dumb phone brick and use that until they can afford their own smart phone. They dont need the cool "apps" and shit until they can afford it themselves. I didn't get my first smart phone till i was 18 and up until then i had a shitty sony erriccson J230i, thing didnt even have a camera on it.If i gave them a smart phone while they are in school, it would serve as a huge distraction from their learning.
Fucking thisi cant stand those kids and EVEN adults who fucking break their phones and expect mum and dad or your employer to give you a new one.Sure if its an accident i'll let you off but next time its on you to fix it or get a new one.As for employers? Same thing but after 2 phones fuck you, you use your own phone now as you clearly can't be trusted with company property.
winealright class, open ms wordwait up mrs teacher, I'm still compiling my kernel / installing dependencies / performing black magic on Wine-specific extensions
If I have a kid, it's going to either be during high school or late middleschool, if they end up making enough friends that it's warranted.It's sure as hell not going to be a smartphone right away, though. Not until they prove they won't be one of those fucking spoiled brats who drop their phones and break the screen within 6 months, and never even bother getting a case.
5 YEARS OLDTABLETS ARE TOO BIG FOR THEM TO HOLDSOMETHING LIKE A GALAXY NOTE 5 TO PLAY ANGRY BIRDS ON
Whenever they can afford it themselves. That way they are also much less likely to break it, since they will know the value of it.I will give them some dumbphone, though.
s/he'll rock a dumbphone and at 12 I'll give him or her one of my old smartphones
around 12 i guess. it's when i got my first dumb phone.
as soon as my kid goes to school.Getting info about my kid when I need it, sound like a sound fucking decision.
bullshit, my 4 year old nephew has his own Tablet.
What do I care it's just a phone. They can have one at 5 I'm pretty sure they'd have a tablet before then anyway.

Giving children access to consumer technology is not a way to make them technologically literale people.They never think about it, just use it and keep treating it works on some kind of magic.
12 as a certificate of maturity
millennialDude, millenials are over 20 now, which means they had smart phones when they were old enough. It's the gen Z that's fucked.
When they're able to root it and install a custom rom on it on their own.
12matureIncidentally the frontal lobe isn't fully developed until you're deep into your 20's
By the time I'll have kids, which I don't think I ever will, tablets will probably be mandatory in schools. Tablets and smartphones are essentially the same, so the kid can get a smartphone whenever they'll get a tablet for school.They're gonna pay for it themselves, though. Learning the value of items and all that.implying that will even be possible in the future
If they were mature enough to own one. 12 would be the youngest to prove themselves.
Im 20, my first phone was a blackberry ripoff and while i was disappointed wi th it at first, i eventually came to the realization that i didnt need a phone. I texted friends, but for the most part it was a waste of pocket space.So i guess theyll get a shit pay per month phone. Thisll teach them frugality where it matters and that phones are worthless beyond contact with friends, who needs fucking games or whatever?
Good point, anon.I'll just give them Cisco routers and 150kg USPs, you fucking memespouting retard.
implying that will even be possible in the futureNot buying second hand old phones
When she can buy her own
I think having a phone is so essential nowadays that people are practically cramming them inside the vagina of a pregnant woman. Or maybe they do it for some other reason...
Shit, I had one of those
What the fuck am I looking at here? Does she have a flesh-shaped plastic chevy cummerbund sitting on her hips? And why are her shorts all scrunched up like that?
what a qt :3 does she have a name?
she
Well, I gave a tablet to my nephew because he usually gets bored and his mother is a bitch.
I doubt, looks like a proper she
Nigger what? I didn't get a smartphone till I was 17 and the flipphone I had was basically emergency use only since it ran off of minutes.
got their start in computer knowledge from sneaking crap past nannywareSort of, then my parents found one that you really couldn't get around. If you tried to shut it off in task manager it would just completely lock out the internet. Then six years later, I found out this optimization thing for games that shut down a bunch of processes would fuck with it. So it would turn back on when you were done but the filter would be deactivated for a while.
I didn't see it so I'll say it.You faggots constantly wine about people tracking you.  Son/daughter is getting a tracking app so I can find their dead body and/or they have an emergency device.  It isn't like my company cell phone isn't a giant leash, why shouldn't I be teaching my offspring some of that.
My wife's son is constantly on his ipad playing some vapid shit and it drives me nuts.  He's only  5.
30.Total, utter bullshit. Every single word.
14 at least. That's the age I myself started using a smartphone, and I'd give them a cheap, shitty one so they learn how to place less value in such frivolous luxuriesHell I'd teach them to shoot a gun and hunt earlier than teach them to use a smartphone
whenever that kid is able to buy it with their own money.
It would be the same age that they would get a computer or television, never.
16, probablyI'd give them a phone before that, but it'd be some flip phone garbage
My kid is 5 and owns his own iPhone 5. Ask me anything
I'm not him but I'm finnish. When I was in 6th grade people started having mobile phones suddenly. Year or two later and everyone had them. My little brother had one way younger than me since that's when the fad started. Then years later my little sister had one when she started school at 7 years old. People here do get one for their kids now when kids start school. Current mobile phones can be cheap as hell and they are a practical way of reaching someone without having to wait for them to come home first.Education here is decent and it has been rank 1 at some point, but I think there are countries who have surpassed it. I know this because it was in the news when it happened, people were pretty proud of it.I'm 29 if you were wondering.
When they can afford 50 buck a month?It's a question of how much parents will pay to track their children in helicopter mode no?
Has he told you that he's gay?
You can't be a milennial and be of age, MODS!
Give him a computer without and is and one he's only allowed to use to create a kernel and watch him learn.
Whenever they could articulate why they needed one.
12 Maybe 8 for tablets but I'll slap on some parental controls first
Why is everyone blabbing about parental controls? A child doesn't usually have that kind of mentality and if he does, he's already fucked
When they are 9/10 I'll give them a dumb phone so I can keep in touch if something happens. By the time they are in 14/15 I will give them an actual smart phone.
What if they type in something innocent like "Pokémon butts"?
Probably 13... or when they demonstrated that they wouldn't use it for facebook.Because no f*cking kid of mine would ever have a facebook while living in my house.'But dad, all the other girls have one...''Yes, and all the other girls are whores, and are sending nude pictures to 3 guys right now at the age of 10. You wanna be paid attention to when you have nothing of value to say? Become a politician when you grow up.'The sad thing is, the school counselor would probably end up calling me and being like, "Do you want your daughter to grow up anti-social? Why are you abusing her by denying her access to facebook?"Because at that point, facebook will be seen as something everyone 'should' have. Fuck now I'm just mad... I don't like this world.
implying facebook is going to last another 5 years.
Because at that point, facebook will be seen as something everyone 'should' have.That was five years ago m8. Today Facebook is passé and kids use it about as much as you use MySpace.
You're a retard
Oh look, a millennial who doesn't know what a millennial is.
What's the new thing? Twitter?
This shit is true though. I mean, really. I learned so much as a kid about networking and how computers worked just so I could get around content filters and stuff.My parents never bothered though, too computer illiterate and just in general didn't pay attention to stuff like that.Well, here I am, tinfoil hat /g/entleman.Everyone should be free to access computer and communications technology at a young age, but have to get around the restrictions themselves. It'll make them a better person, or at least smarter.Or they'll just accept it and sneak around it via other people's shit, and become one of the people who has to pay to get the spyware shit off their computer every week because they can't even determine the difference between a shitty scam site and a legit one.
No, they don't need an iPhone.They need a phone, sure. But not an iPhone.They can have a nice, full featured flip phone with a pop3 email client, until they're like 12 or 13, and have learned not to beat up shit I give them.They'll never have an iPhone that I pay for. lol iPhones.
having kids Hey fuck you OP, how am I supposed to have kids with a 2D Chinese cartoon 11 year old? Thanks for reminding me of something I'll never have.

13
i got mine freshman year in highschool. iphone 4s.  just graduated highschool and although i dont use the phone, i still have it and it works fine.
Get the kid a $10 wal-mart phone.  It will turn him off smartphones for life.
I plan to teach my future kids on how the modern technology works and how they can take advantage of it effectively. If i see them being proficient with what they want to useeg. not just mindlessly facebooking/texting their retarded friends with a smartphone, but understanding how it works, what do the components inside do, how apps work, how can they make their lifes easier with having a smartphone - bus schedules, school stuff, navigation, generally using the SMART in smartphone i have no problem in them having a smartphone at 12. I guess i wouldn't go earlier than 10 though, i think kids should be kids, at least for some time. I can't understand the shitheads that give a 4! year old or even younger a tablet. If you can't stimulate the kid enough without giving him a device to handle himself, you shouldn't have had a kid in the first place. I just recently fixed a  tablet for a 4 year old of one of my acquaintances, i don't understand why such a little kid should have a tablet. Buy him a fucking book and teach him to read or paint or whatever or go play catch, i don't give a shit. Kids today don't understand 90% of what is happenning in their pockets. I guess i am the last one to bitch about this, i got my first computer at the age of 6, but i never had anyone to ask for help with shit i didn't understand, so i had to handle it myself. I started reading magazines about computers and taught myself how to fix issues with the computer, what is actually inside of that magic PC box and how does it work, because it was magical for me back thenit still is, i chose IT as my career path. I want my kids to have at least this kind of knowledge before i let them near any fucking smart device.
Millenials are over 20 nowI thought millenial was born in the 00'sPlease don't lump me with those fuckers, I was born in 91. March of 91 no less.
my mother in law keeps breaking her phone, so after I had the screen replaced on my wife's old S4 we gave it to her. 6 months later she has cracked the screen, as punishment she now gets a modded LG Optimus in a thick case.no quad core for you
that is the complete opposite end of the spectrumCisco is shit
Uh, I agree early 80's is stretching it, but 90's babies definitely are millenials.
I'd probably give them one at a young age around 8 maybe. The caveat being it is going to be a cheap POS that's really locked down - so no games. The only thing it will be used for is communication. They can get their own smartphone without restrictions when they're 16 and are able to pay for it themselves.
In the highly unlikely event I'll have kids, a couple months before high school. I didn't get my first smartphone until sophomore year of high school. Now I would give them free reign over the internet, but give them advice and guidelines on what to visit and what not to visit. Anyways kids are dumb and the population is getting out of control so I don't think I'll have kids.
I got mine around 13. That's when kids start going out on their own, park, basketball courts, etc its good for them to have an emergency line in case they need it. Any younger and its worthless since your kid shouldn't be left alone.
Middle school, when they would start hanging out after school/going out more.
13. That's when kids start going out on their ownNot everyone lives in Camden, anon.
I think the question is not when to give a child a phone, but when to give him a new phone. Because abstaining a child from the things he wants doesn't really help, on the contrary, it makes the desirable object more desirable. So imho a child can be given a phone as soon as he asks for it, but until the child learns to value its posessions, restrict the phone range that he receives to old used phones, preferably used by you. You need to educate the child on the etiquette and security implications of using a phone as well as how to treat it and maintain it. Only when the child learns to do all these things, he can be trusted with a new phone, which of course he must earn through scholarly achievements.
Technically people born after 1995 are vastly different then before 1990 so it's retarded to chuck them in 1 catagory.
Same hereProfessional porn is disgusting
When they  can pay for one.
Smartphone with clover preinstalled at age 14, he'll be a proficient shitposter by the age of 19 and a loser with no sex life by age 20.Like father, like son.
This isn't true. Before Facebook there was MySpace and before that there was chat rooms. Internet was always segmented into casual and nerd. AOL was the apple is the time.
Lena Meyer-Landrut
i would give my kid a basic flip phone just so they can contact me in case of emergencies. then when they are 12 ill give them a smartphone. the next phone they want, they'll have to pay for themselves.
Feels good man. The "permanently fucked" brain you mention has helped me in so many ways beyond your stunted mind born out of lack of access to knowledge as a kid.
She's adorable ^^ Thank you
Why a kid would need a smartphone? Smartphone are used to connect people, a kid must always be with it's parents and in school he can call using the school phone, so there's no kid that needs a smartphone if the parents are good one
When he hits puberty so he can watch porn.
Honestly, I kinda think that's an excuse. I'm 18 currently and don't have and never have had a phone as well as a job. I've got loads of friends though who are willing to do shit with me. You just gotta be a fun person and you won't be out of touch.
AIDS tattooadorablepick one
It doesn't bother me..
When it's still a sperm in my ballbag.
wtf anon, i had a job when i was 17 and started driving when i was 15. get off your lazy ass.
You can't even put together a coherent sentence, you fucking retard.
This. Maybe a dumbphone at some point, but if they want data they're gonna pay for it.
8th gradeThat's when I got my first cell phone
Kek
I'd give him some rugged waterproof dumbphone as soon he starts going out to play by himself, but a smartphone to before school
I wouldn't even give a smartphone to an adult.
My sister bought her 2 years old a Galaxy S6 because she got the second one for 50% off.
16-18, I had a phone when I was 13 and never used it, I only just got a mobile phone when I turned 19, i'm 21 now and hardly use the thing.
When they learn to be fully proficient in using UNIX commands, and know how to compile gentoo, they can finally get a smartphone to go along with their thinkpad t61.
The Dr. Oz Showseems legit
hasnt this dude been proven false on multiple occasions already? arent his suggestions and practices false?
The most common definition of milennial is someone who has been an adolescent during the turn of the century. 2000 kids only barely apply, solely because of all the baggage that 1999 had carried over, but if they were born post 200' it's almost impossible to group them with milennials because they were fucking 6 when social media took off.
Give them a dumb phone so they can learn t9 typing and can call me/text me to pick them up after school. They can either save up for their first smartphone or wait until they reach middle school, whichever comes first.never restrict access to computers unless they start flagging parental filters i've already prescreenes.
Never. Buy your fucking own you little gobshite.
I just don't know. I was eight when I was given a phone obviously not a smartphone on a contract plan and somehow there never was a single issue with me causing financial trouble but then again, my ten year old sister has a prepaid and she regularly spends all her money on sending emoticons via sms "do you have this emoji, anon?"I'd say it depends on the person
christ, what is wrong with you people
started being exposed to shemales because of this siteget to a point where it doesn't really bother me anymoreeventually start to find a few of them attractivestart jerking it to the attractive onesstarted going into cuteboi threadsturned on by the sight of well groomed boypucci nowstarted jerking to twinks being fuckedI'm not even kidding. This isn't some le 4chan turns you gay. This site is actually making me gay.
Yeah, give them a way to text along with the car. What's the worst that could happen?
using the word boipucciyou were a faggot way before you were on 4chan, you fag.
You're a fagBut a cool fag like freddy mercury
I say until they can afford to buy it themselves.
As soon as they're old enough to use it. Sometime between 2-3, but I wouldn't let them take it to school or anything for a few more years.If you make your kids wait until they're 18 to have a phone you're an awful fucking parent.
Whenever they need a phone after they can handle a regular flip phone.
probably
My 1 year old has one
Old enough to ask in a firm and well thought out manner, old enough to own a smart phone.
The great thing about being 18-21 at this moment in time is that we can see how having a smartphone at an early age say 6 could possibly affect how they turn out as adults. This way we can gauge how harmful a smartphone may be to our own children's development and decide what age to give them their own smartphone by the time we turn 28-30, the perfect age to have kids.For now my stance is to give them one when they're like 13. I think many people underestimate just how wise kids can be by this age, if they've been raised right.
 blaming the millennial generation raised the millennial generationKeep it classy gen x.
Could just monitor, instead of restrict.You know like the government does?
 emo 2015Calm your tits gen y.
 implying everyone doesn't have friends
Around 11, when he enters the collège. 1st secondary
That acting is trash.
When they start high school, a pager will do before that.
hipster 2016
be 24grew up without internet and game consoleshad a dumbphone since my first phone at 17all my friends remember life before the internetget called a millenial because some of them use facebook nowI remember when millenials were millenials.
The same way i got my first phone when i entered first grade, because of convinience, i think first grades should learn how to use comms only phones, now, about a smartphone i think the best age is 13, i know neither of us had a smartphone at that age but these kids were born on a diferent era guys
This Bitch needs exercise and food. There's no good reason for her to be so damned skinny fat and have a muffin top. Fucking disgusting.
I had a nokia 3310 when I was about 8-9.Parrents gave me their old one while they got themselfs a sony ericson.It came in handy, as I could get my parrents on the phone while if I wanted to go to a friend. Or wanted them to pick me up.Parrents were always at a fair distance and home was too far to bike or walk. We don't have school busses here in HollandSurprisingly I fell for the "crazy frog rintone just sms ON to 4444" meme on tv that constantly costed me 2 Gulden every sms they spammed me. Good thing I had prepaid.So, as for when I would give my kid a phone?I think I would first give him 10 euro phones untill he wouldn't lose them and show that he's responsible with a device.It really depends on how the kid reacts upon tech.Hah, thinking how I would treat my offspring with computers and general tech is a bit odd.Not restricting their internet by any means, but adding atleast a good anti virus/malware to the computer, I know I fucked up a few times in my youth.Generally learning them how to use tools I had to figure out on my own.I would also gift them a foldable knife/multitool when they are responable enough for that. and push onto them it's only to be used as a tool.Hell, I'm dreaming the day I could take them to the shooting range and show them the basics.You learn from mistakes, and just removing these things from their life isn't working, even dangerous should they pick it up, rebel because daddy won't allow it. Instead you should learn them to be responsible with it.Man, I wish my dad would've learned me the basics of given tools. Could've saved me alot of mistakes and cuts.
I wouldn't actually be that worried about them seeing 'inappropriate content'. I saw goatse on a BBS when I was 8, so I think people expect kids to thinner skinned than they are, and by sheltering them they become the easily offended fuckwads running around universities today. I doubt my hypothetical partner in this scenario would agree though.I would be more concerned about Apple and Apple-esque 'closed black box' products making them technologically illiterate.
Do you want your kids to have autism?
Not that guy, but I'd rather my kids were smart and independent rather than dumb passive consumers, yeah. If you call that autism that's your problem.
I have a daughter.  So, probably around middle school.Gotta get that lawsuit money from people that spread her underage nudes.
I didn't get my first phone until I was 15 or so.I can see how it could be useful a few years earlier than that, so probably 12-13 or so. I'd rather give them a dumbphone first through. Smartphones are way too distracting.
kek
What sort of school doesn't have a computer lab? What sort of school requires students to bring in personal laptops with personal copies of $150 software?Also, maybe YOU'RE too retarded to use a VM or Wine, but not everyone is. Setting up MS Office on a Linux box is only slightly harder than setting it up on a Windows box.
Best answers
No they don't. Except their parents probably got them one years before that. Gotta have that swag so you don't get bullied.
This.I'd give them a simple phone while they're preteens and let them earn better ones if they want it.
I didn't get one until I was 20. I'm still 20. I only got it for university so that I could check my email on the go, use it as a GPS, and quickly looks things up. I don't touch it otherwise unless I'm texting or calling someone, obviously.
Being a 3rd worlder doesn't have anything to do with your age.
I'm fucked up but I never feel gay, how do you get this gay?
Not sure, but pretty early I guess? Maybe a dumbphone when they start school, then a low-end smartphone once they're a bit older + want one? Then, again, a better one once they're a bit older + want one + have proven to be responsible enough.No reason to not give a dumbphone at whatever age, its just convenient that they can always contact me/their mom if there's a problem somewhere or something. I still remember breaking my arm as a 10 yo while biking and not having a phone on me, that sucked.I'm not too much against smartphones, playing games and whatnot on them is pretty much the same thing that I did as a kid with a gameboy.Granted I don't personally respect the games as much, but hey, the social interaction with other kids who play the same games is pretty important, so I can't exactly force my kids to play pokemon red and super mario if they don't want to.I'd be more strict with social media, though, I guess they'd have to be well into their teens for me to comfortably let them use it, and even then, I'd be a pretty annoying lecturer on the dangers of itMAYBE I could allow them an instant messaging-like app earlier if their friends are using it a lot.
And to continue why I'd be potentially pretty permissive:I don't really believe in somewhat average parents having that big an effect on their kids. after reading some psychology studies on the subject. The overall environment friends, school, hobbies, their socio-economic "class", society in general will affect them more at the end of the day.Every kid is also different right from he moment of their birth, so they'll react differently to the same methods of bringing them up. So the best you can try to do is look at how they react to whatever and then improvise from that.So, of course, if the kid got too addicted to the games I'd let them play on the smartphone, I'd restrict it. If they were really responsible and trustworthy in general, I'd let them do things the way they want to. Etc.The same goes for everything, for example, money. If they were always pretty responsible with it after some lessons, I'd give them money rather than buying them things, etc. If they weren't, they'd need to learn some responsibility before I'd give them freedom on that, so I'd rather buy things for them.
I got my first cellphone as a senior in high school, 2012. it was a flip phone LG Octane. I had that until I got my 950 last week. I would get my children a generic, pay as you go dumb phone they can take with them to extracurricular activities, but it would not belong to them. General extra phone to give to the kids to take around when they need it. Would pay for a midrange phone for them, or they can pay the remainder for a flagship.
Give them a dumb phone for middle school and all of high school. I'll give it to them afterwards. If they want it earlier, they'll have to pay for it themselves.
They categorize by the time one "comes of age", not when they were born. Too bad for you.
TbH I didn't get my smartphone until I had 22.
Where were you when uBlock became a bloated piece of shit full of useless stuff that will break as soon as the autist in command no longer has time or interest to work on it? he gave up the original extension on fucking April Fool's Day for the first teenager who asked for it. When he gets bored again, uBlock will cease to exist, because nobody is gonna work on all useless crap he has been adding to it.
All of those things are useful for content blocking related activities. It's not like he added a torrent client.
don't see how any of those features in the changelog are useless, and even if he ceases development it will likely get picked up by competent developers as it is the best adblock solution currently available, and even if it doesn't it's not like the extension is going to stop working suddenly, we'll be able to use it for a long time until the browsers ruin their extension systems. stop being a hyperbolic retard.
this is what it's like to be legally retardedThanks for making me feel better, OP.
took the words right out of my keyboard
started doing that hosts file blocking and policeman+noscript.going well desu. still have ublock origin on the browser, might change soon.
stop using ublock and start using ublock origins.
uselessredirection is useful, he's already used it like noscript's script surrogates, neutering google analyticssupport for adguard filters is useful, more filterlists, more shit to blockhow is blocking popunder advertisements useless either?I'm sorry OP, what "useless stuff" are you talking about?
I'm sorry OP, what "useless stuff" are you talking about?ultimately, it seems like he was talking about himself.
gorshill gives up on "keep it simple"; uBlock becomes mega bloatIt happened as soon as he implemented "dynamic filtering"
did you really bump the thread just to post "kek"?
Gotta hit that ABP shill quota.
KEKEK
why the fuck does ublock crash my mozilla everytime I go on youtubeevery single time I try to watch a video there it crashes am I the only one having this problem
when you disable the addon does youtube work fine
yes and it runs faster too
wait nevermind it still crashed on me again my only other addon is Scriptish and video downloadI wonder what the fuck is going on
Remind me again, but is Ghorshill the guy who runs ublock or ublock orgin?
Stop using ublock and use ublock origin instead.Also, are you using 32-Bit Fireofx or 64-Bit firefox?
pretty sure it's 64health report says its coming from applications
Sperglord - The Thread
/g/Falling for this thinly veiled shilling
Scriptishgee i wonder what could be causing the crash
they must've closed the autism asylum
Looking forward to blocking popunders desu
Okay.Either you are one of the? ABP shills, or you are just extremely retarded.There are no features that I would deem superfluous.Look at the deprecated state of aljewdi's ublock and compare it to ublock origin. gorhill has made this addon futureproof for coming advertising advances that make it almost impossible to block ads.
Origin, and he's no shill. He's the original developer.
This OP is clickbait. Stop falling for uBlock shilling.
RedirectionOh fuck I always wanted this. So many sites with annoying javascript placed in the same script as the useful one. Now I can rewrite it myself and redirect to it. Genius!
These are all good additions you double-nigger.Sites are getting increasingly jew and adding shady shit to work around adblockers.uBlock Origin is the only one keeping up.ABP, AdBlock etc. = BTFO
Why not just using a fucking hosts file plus YesScript.
2015suggesting host filethat solution was outdated when people first started using it that way
I really liked AdBlock EDGE because memesWhy did the development of such great tool stop?
Why did the development of such great tool stop?**This addon has been discontinuedReason: Discontinued in favor of Ublock Origin, a general purpose blocker, that not only outperforms Adblock Edge but is also available on other browsers and, of course, without "Acceptable Ads Whitelist".Source: 
Nobody answered OP's question. :cI was at home, OP! I believe I was getting laid at that time. Idiot.
Isn't that the same thing?
If you're so mad, why don't you make your own extension?Google Chrome's APIs are dead simple to learn.
Ublock Origin is a fork made by a hobbyist. If you want the real thing from the uBlock development team, get it from the official site: 


how do i search an SQL database for an Id, and if i find that ID, delete that entire row?
select*fromtablewhereid=###delete is left as an exercise for the reader
DELETE FROM table_nameWHERE ID = id_value?
delete from table where id = ?
DELETE FROM `table` WHERE `id`=`query`
WHENFINDIdLOOKATMATCHEYMATCHEYTHENDELETEROW
String selectSQL = "select r from ReservationDrop r where r.id like :id";        try {            Query selectQuery = entityManager.createQueryselectSQL;would work, how would i know if a row was deleted so i can confirm the deletion?
DROP DATABASE yourdbname
You'd learn more if you  did your own homework, rajeesh.
i think netbeans doesnt allow this in default
Check the size of the table before and after. If it has decreased by one, it is successful.There's probably a more elegant way of doing it, but it works.
YOU FORGOT THE COMMIT-1000 pointsfaggots
are you a retard? why the fuck even make a thread when bing could've got you the answer in seconds?
He wanted the 4chan experience
there was no mention of ide or even sql dialect. it would work on mssql and everyone knows that this is the only logical choice for actual business databases.
AddOUTPUT deleted.*somewhere in there
ANSI SQL faglords why would you use vendor specific code to delete a row
what should i use?
function DeleteRowFromDatabaseThatMatchesIDint Id{    DatabaseConnector connDB_ID, DB_USER, DB_PASSWORD;    if !conn.connect        return false;    DatabaseSelector selectconn;    select.find"ID", "EQU", Id;    if !select.found        return false;    DatabaseDeleter deleteselector;    if !delete.delete        return false;    return true;}Easy peasy.
let's do two operations when one will sufficeconfirmed for not knowing the first thing about databases
Just delete it. Why the hell do you need to search it first?
He wanted the 4chan experiencemoot should of branded this to make more shekelsinb4 should of
anon, we know this is your homework... please try to do it by yourself or else you will never learn about SQL
delete from table_name where ID = select id from table_name where Id = ?
select id where id =
see
Why shouldn't I start learning Swift and using it? Seems like a better choice than C++ or Python right now.
Seems like a better choice than C++ or Python right nowWhy?
What the fuck is swift?
more jobs & better paying jobs. plus it's a compiled language and is as fast as C++ and doesn't have GIL like python.go to bed gaymer.
more & better paying jobs than C++ and pythonlel
Apple's attempt at a compiled systems language that aims to have the performance of a C-family language while being as simple to learn and write as a scripting language like Ruby or Python.Unlike Objective-C it's not shackled by C compatibility, and its huge leverage of LLVM enabled features that are uncommon in compiled languages.Also Unlike Objective-C, Apple is pushing hard to make the language useful on non-Apple platforms by the first ABI-stable release 3.0, coming next year. Whereas Objective-C leaned heavily on Apple toolkits, Swift will instead have its own platform-independent implementations of the most important parts of AppKit/UIKit.One of its main attractions is its type system, which allows for strong types without sacrificing flexibility, as well as its strong focus on protocols they often refer to it as a protocol-oriented language rather than object oriented.It's mainly interesting because it could potentially enable the entire stack to be...
...written in a single language without making the sacrifices involved in using languages like JavaScript or the lack of high-level utility you'd face by doing the entire stack in C++.
it's true. plus it's so much easier to get a higher paying Swift job than a C++ job. to get the same paying job with C++, you'll beed 10+ years of C++ experience.
I haven't seen any postings for Swift.
This is too elaborate to be a troll.What the fuck.
you haven't looked hard enough. they're everywhere.
thats just because there are alot of really smart programmers in C++, and only retard hipster indie programmers use swift at the moment.name one well respected game made in swift.
On this same topic, is there any need to learn Objective C at this point?
I haven't heard Swift mentioned once since the week it was announced.
They're starting to pop up around the SF Bay Area, and probably also the Portland/Seattle and Austin areas. It'll be a year or two before Swift positions show up elsewhere.As long as Apple devices continue to be popular, being one of the first to be truly capable with Swift will be a goldmine in tech-oriented areas. Apple is gradually killing off Objective-C...  Swift is going to be the primary iLanguage very very soon. Even at 2015 WWDC there were more Swift dev sessions than there Objective-C ones.
respected gamekek'd hard. games are fucking garbage. all of them.
learn rust instead
Just reminding you that if the SJWs have their way you won't be able to dofor int i = 0; i  100; i += 3without the use of extra functions.Swift is going to be killed now that it is open source. What stays and what goes will be decided by the SJWs and existing programmers won't want to move to it because they will have to rewrite functions and learn new ways to do things that were removed for no good reason.
learn rust insteadrust it dead to me until it's got native UI bindings on Lin/Win/Mac

wtf are you on about?
Rugby is garbageTennis is garbageFencing is garbage
alright i'll bitewhy do sjws hate for loops?
They hate C style for loops.Apparently no one uses them so they're going to remove them.Look in the pull requests.
you're gonna have to point them outi dont see anything
eww why do I have to write a for loop?I'd rather have for loops abstracted away with higher order functions
...JOHN CENA!
And now that it's on Linux, it's only going to get better with time. We should start seeing some critical Linux implementations in a few years.
When I look at it it looks like they took Objective-C and a variety of scripting languages and took only the bad parts of them.
they're already removing ++/--
class="quote"A small step towards removing C-style loopsgood riddance
"Open source" code backed by a proprietary software company and developed via popular opinion
as long as you already know C++ you obviously don't if you thing swift is a replacement then go for it
The semi-colon delimited declaration offers a steep learning curve from users arriving from non C-like languagesI keked
Not him but if I had to wager a guess? It's too phallic. Int i = 0 and with each pass it gradually grows.. if you think that's far off you might also refuse to acknowledge how leader/follower is a terrible change in term for master/slave. In which case Id like to ask what you might deem a proper reason for the change besides "black people". Jews were slaves to black people and they're not complaining. It's mostly women.Sorry if my argument seems a bit childish but how exactly do you approach a discussion with children in terms children will understand when it's clear they have no clue what is happening in their computers. They just don't like the keywords and that has nothing to do with how the thing functions.
Actually it is pretty obvious why they might want that stuff out. Simply put, it looks complicated and apparently scares programming newfags away. I don't see why that is bad though, since nowadays we have babby languages like Python which can help ease people into programming. Seems like apple is trying real hard to get more code monkeys at less cost for their shitty platform.
it looks complicatedNot when you put it next to the shit they're replacing it with.Basically it's people who have started off learning Object Oriented programming going "this stuff looks complicated because we're not familiar with it and so others will think that it looks complicated, so we should remove it.
That's certainly true. It also serves to lock people into apple software as a whole. If you start coding for it in swift your bad habits are going to keep you there. Clearly the issue is that of "less thinking involved" but really this is just going to make the cost of apple products sky rocket. The hardware is going to have to compensate for the shitty idiograms it's going to be compiling.I'm going to look into buying some apple stock soon if at all possible. I'm sure they're locked in at the moment.
master and slave == leader and followerHoly shit what is wrong with these people?  Master/slave doesn't have anything like the same connotation as leader/follower.  A master tells a slave what to do.  They don't follow the same fucking path, as implied by leader/follower.Why don't they just rename everything "alpha" and "beta"?  Or "George" and "Sam"?  Or X and Y?  Why try to convey any meaning whatsoever with naming?
When I first saw the for loop I was amazed. I just had to make the most of the limited variables we were given. Then I started looking into algorithms like insert and merge and I realized then that I was at home in programming. I felt that way with math but then Women in STEM happened. Sadly, it's happening all over again with these changes. I hope maybe at least they'll leave pointers alone. I can see them arguing that it's too much like 'mansplaining'.
supervisor/subordinate?
Look in the pull requests, they're already arguing about getting rid of pointers arithmetic because it's extremely unsafe and complicated to understand.
Op grow a dick. Learning a language takes 1-2 days tops. MAYBE a month to learn absolutely every single aspect of a language. Maybe if it was your first language, otherwise just stfu you could be 50% done by now.
Nope.  Supervisor implies supervision responsibilities.A master simply *tells a slave what to do*.  For example, the master and slave cylinders in a car braking system.  There's nothing more to it, the master commands and the slave obeys.
MAYBE a month to learn absolutely every single aspect of a language.I see you don't know C++...
A supervisor's only duty is to make sure his subordinates are working.So yes, a supervisor simply tells a subordinate what to do.
Looks like Swift has trended upwards.  I'm more impressed that there's any data for when the language didn't exist...  ;-
So yes, a supervisor simply tells a subordinate what to do.That's completely false.
Supervisor/subordinate sounds more like the parent/child relationship.
why didn't they just use parent/child?
It's too problematic. Not every child has a parent these days anon.
Master slave really isn't about who tells who what to do. At least in my experience, it's always been more of a separation of task and duty. Master drive deals with the keeping of the real estate C , the domain  Host , the manner of conduct  OS . The slave drive deal with the less important jobs like maintaining stock and the more open roles a computer can play. It made perfect sense to me growing up as a separation of trusts. I didn't look at people as slaves, we had computers now. They could be programmed to do that stuff. Maybe it's just me and has to do with the fact that I'd had some time with the bible. Maybe someone just needs to leave behind a trace of entitlement for future generations. Maybe I should just keep to my Cs and Java and leave apple products to the girls.
Master slave really isn't about who tells who what to do.That is exactly what it is about. At least in my experience,You're an idiot, and you're blathering.I don't know what specific experience you've had with misnamed things, but that is precisely what master and slave mean.  Don't go around spreading the degeneracy that you've written.
Which programming language recently removed the  member function suicide from it's worker thread class?
This is kind of shit is completely turning me off to the idea of programing. I want to learn a language, because I think it's worthwhile. I just don't want to waste my time with the wrong one, ya know? But shit like this...man. If I had to hear this conversation in public, I'd walk out, or curb stomp whoever of the group is the most ethnically ambiguous--as to avoid being blamed for a hate crime by them.
Man, I hate to do this to C++ but pointers is literally highlight all, cut/copy and paste. You just have to remember if you cut  address , copied  pointer  or are typing/pasting. If you are trying to get a split of the character array, just count ip to how many characters you are actually using. If that's too much, take the whole index and subtract from it the number of characters to be ommited. They just want fewer things to think about. It makes a mockery of the whole system of learning that you apply to a computer. Especially considering it is one of the wonders of the world. You need to keep it whole for future generations.
please don't ever seek employmenti don't want to get curbstomped by some psychopath just for making a joke
Are you mentally ill, or just a really low quality troll?  I mean, it's like you're not even trying.
return fibn - 1 + fibn - 2
Look nigger, if anyone's blathering it's the idiot that didn't bother reading what followed after the thing that triggered her.Master is a label. It wasn't a person. In a dojo setting the master doesn't tell the the others to do anything. He accounts for an exemplary nature. In an estate, the master tends to the tidings about the home and not the land/territory. Please stop pretending you are an incarnation of the pain some people felt in their time. Would Master/Servant work to trigger you less harshly? In that way it would function less as it does and open your system to a slew of operational hazards that wouldn't fall in line with the categorization once you grew bored of this and went on to try karate or rock climbing.Successor triggers me, I think I'll go make a pull request based on the fact that I am now the successor to your livid nature considering the white man let you play house over the natural domain.
Hey baby want sum fukAlso, you forgot to say kek
You're really just not very good at this.  Stop.
A joke? Bruh. SJW shit is what I can't stand. It's people getting offended by things that were never designed with any intent to offend. Instead they apply their current worldview of those inherently benign things in this fucking instance: WORDS, and then assume because in their current generation words like 'suicide, master, slave, he, / she, his, etc.' have negative connotations, they shouldn't be in a language.They would rather reinvent the wheel because it is too vaginal, than simply accept that it works. But sure, let's have a fucking 3 hour conversation over what words look too phallic, than actually be productive and create something.
I don't a gold medal in special tidings. I already put in the work. Jow do you convince people not to seek welfare if what they wantvis special accomodations and free money. It's like you're trying to get them create an assembly flag for " Sector 8" now too.Why not just learn all of programming if you want to get to do more than pretend "u iz smard now".
1984Fuck dubs/trips/quads. We Orwell now.
plsi don't want to get curbstomped by an insane lunatic who thinks everyone is an SJW trying to take away their boys club
Nah, no need to learn C at all, just learn some web based languages. PHP, HTML5 and JavaScript are all you need
Boys clubWhy not make a slew of friends and break the thing apart in a non-confrontational manner instead? Why do you need to tear the thing down as if it were Frankenstein? Don't you see how silly it is to go at the thing using all female "rhetoric". Especially when your only responses are those of the term, "No, you do not have my consent". I actually gave you some really good tips in managing the language and you seem to think it's all about breaking down acids on the fly.
Nah, no need to learn C at all,Question was about Objective C.And it sure looks like you don't need to.  Unless you want to do maintenance work.
ITT taking a seed a redistributing it on the basis of an obfuscated yet non-uniform randomization process.
I'm more impressed that there's any data for when the language didn't exist... ;-Because swift is a common word in the English language...?
What boys club? Women have just as much opportunity in picking their college major in a STEM field as men. Why don't they? Who fucking knows. Programming used to be dominated by women, actually. Imagine that? Then somehow, weak-minded men and women alike were brainwashed by pop culture into believing only socially awkward males do things like Math or Science. They have had every as much opportunity to learn since the past 40 years. What's the fucking problem? There was a time where women were physically NOT ALLOWED to go to college. We haven't lived like that for over a century. Now all the 20-something women's studies majors are pissed off on Tumblr that only guys are involved in STEM, yet they could just have easily filled their major / minor application out and picked biology, or engineering, etc. Instead they chose the one major almost as useless as my fucking Psychology degree.
;-You're a smart one, aren't you?  ;-
alternative: haskell
What major did they choose, btw? Anthro? Women's studies? Philo? Fine arts?Going for CE here after some time in the graphic design industry and a long time of retail between the two. Kinda feel like although those majors I mentioned don't really give much in the way of merit worthy of much beyond the point of "we're all special" I jave noticed they are the only majors besides maybe medical that flocks under one banner to such a great degree in spite of all their "differences".
I was thinking the same thing but I almost doubt that swift accounts for the number of prime primitives the way haskell did/does.
liberal arts was a mistake
fucking kek'd
FUCKED.Are these cunts serious.
 Daily reminder that stupid people exist
I wish I could forget.
native ui binding on linuxDoes such a thing even exist
wtf are you on about?This presumably
are you fucking retarded? look at the username
yeah, it was a troll accountbut guess whatthey still merged it
So this started as a joke and was taken seriously That is even better
it's a fucking car from Suzuki you fucking dumb fucking weebo shit, it's fucking japanese and you have no clue, holy fuck.
Looking at other pull request they are fully aware pcbro is a troll but they still accept his requestsI don't even know anymore
windows compiler fucking when.
Only found one local swift posting but it did pay 50 an hour. Thats good pay, wasnt full time tho
windows compiler fucking when.neva
fnn: int - intThat's gayest thing I have ever seen and I have seen the movie Gay niggers from outer space
c++JUST
removing c style for loops removing ++ and --I don't understand, do some people find these things complicated?Their replacement for the C style for loop is just as "confusing", and their removal of ++ will probably end up in code being littered with one liners like i = i +1.Honestly if you can't wrap your head around a c style for loop and the difference between ++i and i++ you probably arn't going to be writing applications in swift anyway.
underrated post
It reads and sounds like a shit version of Go. I'll stick to fucking my gopher in the ass while Rob Pike films it and massages his cranium, thanks.
SJWs destroying programmingCan anyone explain this to me? I'm fairly new to programming, so i don't know about this meme yet.
It sounds like making it different for the sake of it, jumping on the functional lang bandwagon. The C way is "the old way" of doing it, and "obsolete", when here in reality it makes very little difference.
As an electrical engineer this upsets me to no end
that exponential time fib functionpic relateddefine fib n  define fib-aux a b n    if = n 0        a        fib-aux b + a b -1+ n  fib-aux 0 1 n
Man this makes me so fucking happy, companies like IBM, Apple etc coming together and building things / fucking around with them just like in the good old days. Openquartz when?
commander / worker
more jobsno...
using a recursive implementationDude, why not just calculate the closed form?
all these abstractions we use are arbitrary in the first place. So why do stormfronters take the removal of master/slave personally?
Mental illness.
So why do stormfronters take the removal of master/slave personally?You don't need to have a photograph of Hitler on your wall to understand that language policing is a bad thing.We all know that slavery was a bad thing, that's why we study history to learn from the past, we don't erase it just because we don't like it. And specially, you wouldn't do that in order to avoid hurting the feelings of a couple people that have the maturity of a child
In this instance they or some troll got swift developers to merge a commit that renames master/slave to leader/follower, because apparently master/slave has a bad connotation. leader/follower in no way describes what is being done
but i like doing strange things with pointers
objective c =/=phpjavascriptoh you're fucking with them, i get it now
they're a major source of mansplaining because they're so complex and must be removed to foster a friendly safe environment for women
fibonacci = histomorphism phi where  phi [] = 0  phi [_] = 1  phi x : y : _ = x + y
class="quote"10 or 15 comments debating changeliterally hundreds of people thanking them and replying with emojis
Look in some cases you use i = i.successor, in others you use i = i.advanceByn or you use i +=/-=.Basically it becomes a mess. Also they are replacing i++ and ++i the same which makes me wonder if the people using them even knew the difference.What do you do now if you want ++i?

It sounds like making it different for the sake of it, jumping on the functional lang bandwagon.You know, normally I would get pissed off about using functional programming as the big bad boogeyman who is dedicated to making programmers not think about efficiency.But you're right, if you're not going to go the full nine yards and completely support pure functional programming, don't remove the imperative stuff.  Recursion is ideally just as efficient as looping, but of course you need the support for all sorts of special recursion schemes that can be optimized, and I'm doubtful that Swift has any of that.
Is the Portable Touch Pi project any good?Basically, a raspi with a 3,5 inch touchscreen in a 3D printed case
Bump
My moto 360, let's see yours.
/g/ - Consumerism
Cool, but did you really need it?
I have an Apple Watch and I regret the hell out of it.
Why? I'm wondering how you guys use these things, or better, what are they useful for.
I bought into the initial hype. I originally thought it was stupid and over priced and then when I tried one on, it felt so nice. It make me feel good to have $600 strapped to my wrist, so I bought it. I use mine mainly for notifications, working outwhich I stopped doing this winter, receiving messages if my phone is dead, and maybe checking the top trends on Twitter if I'm bored in class or in Church. It's nice, but it's not worth what I paid for it. I have a Stockholm syndrome kinda thing going on in that I don't want to sell it, but I also don't want to use it all the time because I dislike the rubber band.
 It make me feel good to have $600 strapped to my wristThese are the type of people that buy these things.
Yeah I'm a retard.
What  /g/ think about this podcast?"gosh you cant knock anything Steve jobs did, he certainly... what ever he did it worked"Also are there any good tech podcasts?
only thing from twit worth listening to is Security Now, even though he is constantly shilling spinrite
I enjoy it.Just don't take it too seriously or expect Leo to to sound like a master of all things parroting your world view.
The techreport podcast is the only one that I didn't think was stupid.Doesn't update very often well it depends on how much stuff they've reviewed. Typically one is made once enough stuff is done to warrant one rather than on a schedule. Which helps the quality.
Started listening to stealthisshow. pretty dumb. just preaching to the choir.
Leo's an idiot. After firing JCD, there's literally no reason to listen to the show anymore.
this. he literally fired the guy for not buying into to ahmed clock meme
Kek. I listened to Security Now for the first time over the weekend and he was shilling Spinrite. Is there anything wrong with it though? Is Spinrite something a sane and reasonable person would use on a regular basis?
its fine software and it does a good job, but he's forced to shill it due to leo's pathetic $500 per show payment
I like AAA.The ratio of crap vs useful info in SN has made it too hard two listen to.

The tech report podcast is dead now scott has left, pcper is the only semi-decent tech podcast left.
Well Steve Gibson wrote it, so why wouldn't he shill it?
The WAN show! xD
Tech TV was good, but it seems Leo has gotten to liberal in his older years, that and the constant praise to the cult of jobs...
Paul's Security Weekly, 2600 Off the Hook, Southern Fried Security.
And then just to round it off with the rest of my regular podcasts in case you just wnt good podcasts in genereal: F This Movie!SmodcastCatholic AnswersThe Catholic GuyWDW RadioGolden Horseshoe Reviewand I forgot to add to the tech specific list: Hacker Public Radio
Oh and 'Untitled" the tested podcast with Adam Savage though sometimes they can seem to be reaaaaally far up their own ass but I'm not sure if that is just me being jaded or something.
I work literally two blocks from these fuckers. Never seen Leo's smug prick face downtown.Security Now is okay, if you don't mind having to constantly question everything they say. Steve Gibson could use a bit more...incredulity, regarding the latest and greatest tech products. And he just sounds like a far out old coot, when he starts shilling his spin right for SSDs.Yeah, the show is alright in small doses.
he admitted that regular defragging does about the same and basically is a "poormans spinrite"
Adam Savage panders to beta orbiters so he has to toe the feminist line on things. It's too bad he can't just leave politics out of the show since it is never relevant but that's the time we live in. I bet ten years from now he'll watch his shows from today and wonder why he was wearing the intellectual version of bellbottoms.
I wish Leo would stop showing us his dick. Other than that its a good showOh, and it'd be nice if Kevin Rose was on again. He used to be on every second or third episode. And where the fuck has Dvorak been?
Oh, we listing our regulars nigga?NPR hourly news summaryThe After DisasterHow did this get madeFilm VaultAdam Carolla ShowJoe Rogan ExperienceClassic LovelineMonday Morning PodcastStuff You should knowTen Minute PodcastThis Week in GoogleFitzdog RadioEdumacationGetting Doug With HighDoug Loves MoviesDoug Loves MinisSuperegoSpontaneanationThrilling Adventure Hournight valeSmartest Man in the WorldTWiTSmodcastJay and Silent Bob Get OldTalk Salad and Scrambled EggsKill TonyThe Random ShowDead Authors PodcastThe BugleFoundation
Yeah, I've been wondering what happened to Dvorak.Although he's a codger, he knows a decent amount about the 'business'.
I want to start with i3 wm. Post your config files.
What is the general opinion on Clojure, /g/? I want to know if I made a mistake buying an introduction book.
buying a book
I can't focus on reading online books.
I thought I was the only one. Dead tree books are much more captivating. When you read on a computer your mind veers off and you suddenly find yourself on 4chan again.
Clojure is not a Lisp.
Closing everything besides the PDF viewer helps a lot.
ClojureScala is better, to  be honest
use kawa scheme if you want lisp and jvm
Even I'm currently learning clojure as my first programming language and want to get into clojurescript and om next. I'm also very exited about it. It feels like it's the most awesome /g/ meme language. it's a lisp it's functional  based on jvm which is used everywhere The main reasons I'm learning clojure is I belive in rich hickey. His speeches make ejaculate. And I belive that in the next year's jvm is going to be more advanced and fast and clojure by version 2.0 is going to be one of the best designed languages ever.
I'm reading through Clojure for the Brave and True myself.  You should totally learn it OP.all the good points of the JVMlisp syntax instead of Java diarrhea
paying money to booksahahahahahahahah what a faggot
nice memey, tripping brosef :^ at least I'm not a poorfag trolling on 4chan for attentionGood idea, though I very often catch myself on having to check about some thing I don't understand and spending next 4 hours on tagging music and shitposting on online pee enthusiast forum.fuck non-run-on sentencesAny tips for reading a book designed for experienced programmers? I think I made a mistake not checking out the contents first.
Clojure in action and clojure cookbook will set you off. And also try to learn development with om next which is awesome. All the go and rust faggots are going to die.
Is it okay to have these books as sort of an assistance to the main book?
There is no main book. Clojure for brave is the one that's now free to read and gets you through all the basic and reading these books will set you to be very good at clojure. But books ain't better than trying to make stuff. Check out 4clojure.org and when you finish it and you are ready to go. And also my request it to spread it to as many people as possible. I can't belive such a great language getting such less shilling in /g/. Maybe it's because of no multi billion dollar company backing it. But ll the intelligent fucks at other companies already started using clojure. So hope it becomes very good at in future.
I was literally going to make a thread for this but I'll ask here.F# vs clojure. What's /g/'s opinion? I want to start learning one.
Scala is better, to be honestHow so? I'm genuinely curios because I hear so many great things about Lisp even though it looks awful with all those parenthesis and hear that Scala is quiet complex. With Java evolving and adding nice features what will Scala's niche be?At least Clojure is dynamic and functional, LISP-like etc.
Clojure if you want to make anything that's worthful.F# if you wanna just play around The advantage of scala is its like water and java is like milk. You can add them and it still looks like milk at the end. But I personally think clojure is going to be the next best thing seeing the evolution of jvm and clojure. It just needs to get a little faster with more basic tutorial
What are your thoughts on F#? What is Clojure even used for anyway? I've seen job posts, to my surprise there are quiet a few.Will I get past the parenthesis phobia? I honestly think it looks fugly and brings a lot of confusion.
Will someone answer?
Keep donating. It helps the open web. ;
N O N P R O F I T
they need the money to crush the patriarchy and white supremacy.
So?You can criticize that they're all using Macs, but I think we can agree that they actually need computers, right?
23+12 million.Son, do you understand how much money it takes to keep a company like mozilla running?
ThisOP is a faggot
MS,apple and Google make billions of money when you buy their stuff or use their stuff.How do you feel about keeping your freedom away. Keep buying.
Do you expect them to start selling their hardware and office furniture in order to keep further work on their software?
so they can make bad decisions every day while sitting on comfy chairs
hows a dollar going to lite up spontaneously so that it can light a cigar?could it be that OP is using imagery falsely to spin a story in a way that suits him?
This is their office in paris
This.
Do they not realise nobody gives a fuck? If they shut doors I'll just start to use Chrome and join the botnet everyone seems so happy to be a part of.
That's nothing compared to their competition buddy.
So what do you want OP? For them to sell everything they own instead of asking for donations?
all crammed up in that tiny space...poorfags
It doesn't matter if they are Open Source, they're still evil because they have more money than me ;__;My suspicions are true then, people don't like FOSS because of ethics. It's because programmers are usually stupidly poor rather than being stupidly rich when they make FOSS exclusively, thus conversing your ego about being one of "the people". baka tbqh family.
Conserving*
Are you retarded? Of course they do. Every company needs furniture and hardware, why would they sell their PC's or tables to keep them going.
They have no excuses to have an office in fucking Paris a city irrelevant to the tech industry; in Europe shit gets done in Germany covered in gold.And yes, they should sell some of those gold  assets before begging for donations from clueless people.
Face It. We need a new browser. Not something stupid, or another fork. The fact that the majority of PC users use four browsers IS an issue. That means every users experience Is subject mainly to the what the browser allows. Which would be four experiences, generally the same with some including  botnet bullshit and others just being NSA's bitch. I don't know why all of the Snowden leaks hasn't led to much more secure browser startups. We need to stop being okay with shit experiences, and illegal gathering of information. Otherwise It'll just get worse. Mozilla has changed, so now we must do what every other democratic system does. Vote them out, but for us we need to actually make a new candidate.
wah they're not supposed to have more money than me! :'They should destroy a centuries old room just to appease my jealousyUnderage reported.
Because A. no one cares because hardly anyone is a terrorist/paedophileB. If you're being watched by your ISP at the packet level, then there isn't much point in securing your browser more than Tor already does if you plan on blowing something up or looking at kiddies for kicks.
Who is going to work for them if they don't have a nice office and provide good incentives besides salary?They want to be a company similar to Google and Facebook in order to attract great talent.
This, I know /g/ probably thinks a corporation being run out of a basement and getting paid in cup noodles to hack North Korea for top lels is some sort of dream come true, but real people like to be proud of their work place.
Of course. You also attract young talent, for them it's cool to have a play station there and some nice chairs, walls painted weirdly, ping pong table etc. Especially for those "hacker" types that have no other hobbies in life.
I just don't like the fact that there Isn't any choice In browsers. You can have Chrome, which I can't stand because of It's memory leaks. Firefox Is good because of It's add-ons, IE sucks and Idfk what Opera Is doing. There Isn't any real innovation happening with browsers, chrome has looked the same since day one and Is botnet. And firefox changed to a new UI. There hasn't been anything groundbreaking In the past decade. I remember when I first learned about Firefox In 2003 and was amazed at how It stacked up against IE. Maybe I just want too much prioritization on web browsers. But It's 2015 and for the most part everything Is the same as It was In 2010.
Well, what could a new browser implement that current browsers don't have?
Tree style tabs.
I don't see the problem OP.
not wanting the developers of the only not-100%-shit browser to be as well equipped as possible
The non profit I work for receives close to 100 million a year from various sources. And the inefficiency that goes on around here is unfucking believable. I'm posting on 4Chan for God's sake. While I'm supposed to be reviewing shifty Indian contracted PHP code.
Hire a shifty Indian to review the shifty Indian contracted PHP code.
in Europe shit gets done in GermanyAnd France, UK, Spain, Sweden, Italy...Not to mention Eastern European outsourcingBut yeah nothing gets done in europe only in Germany xd
Edge.It's just good. Fast. Smooth.Extensions, webm, and done.
The only FOSS shit I've ever supported were Debian and Linux Mint.I'd probably hate myself now if I ever donated to Mozilla in the past.
Recently made the switch to Chromium from Safari and Firefox because both of those were huge pieces of shit that gave me problems constantly. So far Chromium runs way better on my machine but how do I get .h264 support into it? I tried googling but I couldn't really find any information on it other then recommending me downloading chrome and turning off the anti-privacy shit in it which I'd really rather avoid but if there's no other option then I might have to. I'm running OSX.
So France is about to ban this since terrorists are scaryWhat does /g/ think about this communication tool for terrorists and pedophiles?
fake and gay
Tor is very much real. It sounds scary, but you can buy drugs and weapons like those the Paris terrorists used with it.
I think they should next ban telephones since sometimes terrorists use telephones.
tell me more about it fellow anonymous user
No. Just require a background check to buy a cell phone.
and viagraterrorists use viagra to produce terroristic offspring
No, they can't take away muh viagra.  I have rights, ya know?
Viagra isn't a necessity when making kids. They should force all Muslims to have a vasectomy.
As a pedophile and terrorist, I disapprove.
Fun fact, they never bought their weapons online. They stolen a majority of the guns from those stupid french fucks who can't guard shit. Also, one of them was a former legion airborne and had his prior service equipment. Get your facts straight you nigger fucking faggot.
Most murders are caused by Catholics, give them the snip too
Next on the agenda is outlawing encryption keys over 32 bits.  It is quickly becoming illegal to do mathematics.
Or just ban all religions. It would make a much better and more efficient society.
Does the name "Pyrocynical" ring a bell?
youtube?
nope.
They bought the guns and organized the attacks on facebook.
having to explain oneself on a nepalese woodcarving forumI meant the french will never get through with banning the Tor networkchina has been trying since forever and they fail at it
The terrorists never used tor to organise their attack.And so the answer is to ban more things.
Reminder that the terrorists organized via standard phone and sms methods, and that an unencrypted phone was found outside the theater with detailed plans and a "we're starting" sms
Nice plan, Mustapha
wow! how thoughtful and innovative! you better get started writing to every single leader in the world right this instant!
The Jews never let a good tragedy go to waste.
GLOBAL SMS BAN WHEN
Great idea, that will solve the terror issue!
ITT: How frequenting /g/ has changed you. I fell for the Thinkpad meme and now I frown on consumer grade laptops. I started writing my university homeworks in LaTeX. I realised everything by Google is literally botnet.
ITT: How frequenting /g/ has changed you.I realised that there are literally hundreds of Dunning-Kreuger idiots that supposedly study computer science out there.
I realized OS X is the master raceI used Arch and realized it's shit-tier
You do realize if you use the internet, your ISP is a botnet?
I used to think riced desktops were pretty cool. Now I realise they're an MLP-tier badge of autism.
By riced do you mean computers covered in LEDS and shit?
He said riced desktops idiot
I realized that Linux is really just a meme and not God tier OS enlightenment like /g/ says.
And he obviously doesn't know what riced means, idiot
Are you literally retarded?
Google LaTeXRealized I can make my homework look more professional and in turn get higher scoresThanks anon.
And it doesn't help that desktop is a pseudonym for desktop computer.Riced desktops WM, IDE, etc are acceptable to a degree. Riced hardware looks like shit.
shiggshiggwhatever, dudei realized microsoft assholes are more obnoxious than i thoughti realized linux assholes can be just as obnoxious, but in a different wayi realized ricing is something for people with too much time
riced desktops are a waste of timericed hardware is a waste of money
I fell for the AMD meme
I fell for the mechanical keyboard meme
I fell for this meme too, I dont mind it but I really wish I wouldve fell for the topre meme first
I suck at programmingI have no idea why someone pays me to pump out easy shit
Thinkpads aren't worth all their hype, but are pretty good nonethelesswiki.installgentoo gives better advice than consumer guidesa shit ton of people don't even know how to program hereworse is when they don't understand programming paradigms and conceptsarch is great, but not having an installer option is still shitI like what can be done with technology vs the devices existence itself and the circlejerk of superiority people have. If it functions well and is reliable/durable, I can do work, and make shit I'm happy.i realized ricing is something for people with too much timeI fell for it and gave it a try on my working machine. It really should only be built in a VM then moved over to the working machine. It's the same practice with running a server for updates. You try in VM, then launch it when it proves to work. If it can only be built in parts, that's fine too.
i learned that everyone hates PHP
Arch has multiple installers and one of them is actually vanilla. I used it just to piss off the autists. I did my time in install hell back in 2004 when almost all distros were about as much of a bitch to install.
riced desktops are a waste of timeSo, changing to a preferred browser, ide, and WM with a couple changes in configs is like choosing which applications you want to pin to your task bar. It's worthwhile to some to learn how to do it. Plus it's easy to get a good one if you just take someone else's, change it slightly then use it. If someone goes from scratch or equivalent, they're doing it wrong.riced hardware is a waste of moneyI'm more on board with this.
linux is just a meme 970 is just a meme
What the hell is she using those top screens for? She's for sure not resolving text at that distance, and if it's scaled up she'd be better off just clipping some 7" monitors onto the tops of the two big ones on her desk. 0/10 would NOT hack with
Arch has multiple installers and one of them is actually vanilla.What installer? I did it by hand since I only had the Wiki and every available installer was beyond shit-tier
I learned many people on this board is not really interested in technology and most people here are no different then apple sheeple.It made me realise there is not much else to learn here then how to shill and shitpost.
You're welcome. A couple tips: use kpfonts and setmargin=2.54cm. Professional looking, yet none of that crazy computer modern and muh huge margins bullshit.
"Ricing, hoo, yeah. What is it good for? Absolutely nothing."
I actually like apple now. because I realized that /g/ has a massive cargo cult mentality.
Most people think the same until they actually check the guide, it's not worth the effort in most cases.
mechanical keyboardheadphone amp/DAC$1 mouse padzowie mouseDell ultrasharp ips monitordulugesansa clip+ with rockboxI might have missed something but I think that's all.
write in english motherfucker
i kind of want a thinkpad x220t.thats about it.
just hundreds?
Only been frequenting this board a couple of months- Installed and currently use Pale Moon- Uninstalled my antivirusThat's it. I'm poor so I'm safe from purchase-able maymays.
Fell for the Android meme, never againBought a ThinkPad, while it was good value at the time I now realise that they haven't improved in 4 years and are no longer relevant.MDR-V6, never againOn the plus side you guys suggested an external chassis for a 3.5 inch drive and it's fantastic, so I guess you're not all autistic fanboys.
Tell me about the mdr-v6 so I won't fall for it.
Uninstalled my antivirusYou are using MB right?
Yeah, ios is such an upgrade from android..
I bought an ssdI learned to get the most out of my money tech wiseI learned to stay away and filter every general ever since they are mindless circlejerksI learned c, perl and python even though I don't plan to work on the field.I set up a NAS and a media center all by my retarded selfThanks I guess
I realized that everyone is a selfish cunt witch social issues.
And so did he idiot dummy head.fuck off to grade school
hey you can be friends with condescending people. just head over to the current desktop thread at your convenience where good desktops and "efficiency" can grant you friends
I run it once a month or so.
I swtiched to Arch Linux
I started to care really deeply about audio. So much so, in fact, that I started producing 4.5 years ago and now I make electronic music engineered to perfection for an audience that I don't have. T-thanks
I use Firefox despite its inferior performanceI bought a Moto GI installed Linux on my Dad's computer
I bought a Thinkpad and some $20 Sennheisers they recommend in the hpgOther than that nothing has changed. Still use Windows 10, still use VLC. still use Sublime Text and like Android it's not laggy I don't get the meme
post your soundcloud then
What the fuck is that monitor rack thingThe top screens might as well be track lights holy shit what a dumb picture
Literally everything
WindowsChromelol
facebookabp
That's Xubuntu and Chromium.
I realized muh gaymer hardware is literally just marketing. I've probably saved ~€200 thanks to /g/, I use kigston ddr4 valueram has same unlimited warranty as their gaymer-tier ram and same functionality. I got an msi pc mate mobo instead of a gaming mobo. I got a windowless case, a decent modular psu, cheapest 1080p monitor. And a mechanical keyboard K70 rgb, not the corsair gaming one but the regular corsair one mechanical keyboard are by far the best thing /g/ shills all the time And a generic wireless mouse not one with muh gaming laser.
I installed GentooI now understand GNU/Linux more than I ever did beforeI lean more towards Free as in Freedom.Now everyone thinks I'm a hacker and I get untrusting looks from the sheeple.
It's made me a lot more paranoid and a lot less tolerant. Use palememe so no +720p video Have to look at archaic, click-image-to-visit-website google images Use icecat so have to manually enable every script that is nonfree which is all of the ones that make 4chan function Slightly faster than firefoxEverything is trying to spy on me.Living without being spied on means not getting to use anything good.Time to kill myself when?
 Learn about NSA HDD firmware spyware Learn it is virtually impossible to detect and even harder to remove Learn that they can spy on my hard drive whenever they want no matter what We lost the privacy warTime to kill myself now.
Care to elaborate?
There's a type of malware that can be written to the firmware of hard drives and solid state drives.The hacker group Equation employed it against a couple hundred targets.Making such a thing would require intimate knowledge of the proprietary firmware that goes into consumer hard drives.You know who has that, the capacity to make such a program, and the motivation?The National Security Agency.It hasn't been confirmed, but they have this fucking spyware on all consumer hard drives, and can spy on and copy information off of them whenever they please.We lost the privacy war. It's over.
you're welcome madafucka
life of a walking memeIt's you.
because of /g/:played around with linux a lot and learned Shell Scriptuse Latex for every document longer than 10 pagesadvocating free sotfware everywhere I canSumatra PDFqbittorrentFirefox with HTTPS everywhere + ublock origin + self-destructing cookiesstarted programming in Javausing win7 and will switch to linux when win7 support endsknow the interjection by heart
Couldn't the hackers themselves have disassembled the firmware and written the malware?I'd need some sources to read on it myself anon.
That at least 90% of people here don't know how to actually program anything past a fizzbuzz, and 95% don't have knowledge higher than a 2nd year Computer Science student.Also learned that people will keep saying dumb ass memes without knowing anythingSee sometimes suggesting WindowsLE WINDOWS IS SHYT, USE GENTOO FAGGOT
I started using Linux besides Windows. Perfect passthrough is all I need to fully switch on the desktop.Spent more than $1500 four years ago on a computer.Got into computing science eventually leading to a job.Hate Nvidia, tolerate Intel, want AMD to stop being shit.Linus Torvalds is my waifu.Still use google botnet.
See sometimes suggesting WindowsLE WINDOWS IS SHYT, USE GENTOO FAGGOTWhat the fuck are you talking about here exactly?Also only vtards use windows. It's a gaming OS after all. What did you expect?
use gentoogot a nexus phone without gappsuse all free softwarebought a thinkpaddeleted facebook
I started using a trip
implying a /g/ user cannot enjoy video games
Also only vtards use windows. It's a gaming OS after all. What did you expect?Countless programmers and professionals with actual jobs use Windows.Microsoft Excel is an industry standard for many jobs, you can't barge in with your MUH FREE libreoffice and MUH FREE file formats. No one will know what the fuck you're talking about. And also whenever you ask about programming for Windows they always sayUse le gentoo faggitwhich is obviously retarded when over 95% of the marketshare for desktop users is Windows. That was my point, it's just people saying memes or repeating what someone else said.
Bought a ThinkPadDell Ultrasharp IPS monitorDitch the Logitech speakers in favour of some Yamaha bookshelf speakersAudio Technica M50sLogical Increments guide as starting point for buildsLaTexI honestly regret none of it.  I used to frequent /g/ a lot, but just stop by every now and then these days.  People really seem to really fucking hate the M50s these days, but I got a really good deal on them a few years ago, and I like the way they sound.  The ThinkPad was a good idea for the keyboard and clit alone, never mind the price point.  I also run Linux now, but that doesn't really have anything to do with /g/.In general /g/ is a pretty angry shithole sorry but it's true, but I've definitely received some good advice from some fine /g/entoomen.
What does marketshare have to do with programming though? ahahaI mean that kind of talk is good and all for /v/, this is a place to talk about different things anon.
what you describe is personalizing. that's a different story, i'm quite big on that - got my terminal and my vim set up so i can actually be productive, same goes for all the utilities i need mostly compilers, gdb and python, but also android studio, intellij and whatever else is required for the project. i'll also always remap the capslock key to ctrl and such. ricing, however, is the unnecessary shit people do when they redesign logos for their programs so "they'll look nicer in that cool flat theme i found on ricemyass.net" or some shit like that. you know, these desktops you can't make out what OS they're build on top of - that's bullshit.
Entirely possible, but it would be motherfucking difficult.It's probable the NSA just took the source code directly from the companies.some articles on it.
What does marketshare have to do with programming though? ahahaWho would I be programming for if not the by far majority share of desktop users? Sorry there isn't much money in opensource.I mean that kind of talk is good and all for /v/, this is a place to talk about different things anon.What talk? Why does Windows automatically = games?
seriously considering a thinkpad for the clit to replace my old vaioshilling - its realstopped using google products entirelywatching neckbeads be trolled is surprisingly entertaining
Buy a ThinkPad.  They're good shit.
I've learned that the average tech "enthusiast" is just another drooling, gullible consumertard, just with more disposable income and better Google skills.I've learned to really consider my arguments before throwing them out and better articulate them.I've developed a somewhat greater appreciation for UNIX systems.I've come to hate myself for liking ThinkPads.
i've developed a hatred for the GNU/Linux operating system as well as OS X, the incessant shilling from both camps triggers the shit out of me
sounds pretty irrational, anon.
What talk? Why does Windows automatically = games?I meant the using marketshare as a measurement for anything kind of talk.Also Windows = games ever since it is an occlusive OS that hides its innerworking from the user and alienates and limitates them by giving them just a closed source api to interact with it.And that's besides it having just recently gotten a decent shell that doesn't work with most windows programs or the existing of the retarded registry and a thousand of other problems for programmers like that.That's why it is such a shitty OS for development.Who would I be programming for if not the by far majority share of desktop users? Sorry there isn't much money in opensource.Programming for? So you don't enjoy it?You're never going to get really good at it with that kind of mindset.Also migrating from Linux to Windows if you absolutely needed it to land a job is not that hard.
before /g/owned one shitty asus laptop with a dedicated GPU that was worse than the integratedafter /g/have purchased five thinkpads without spending more than that one asus costs e n d h e l p
I started using arch and gentoo, and ricing.Sometimes I think it might be bad, but shit all I was doing before /g/ was shitting up /vg/ and playing WoW 10 hours a day, at least I'm learning *something* and not playing video games all day.
Programming for? So you don't enjoy it?I want to make money, I do use Debian a lot of the time but unfortunately I need to write programs FOR Windows, using the windows api.Also migrating from Linux to Windows if you absolutely needed it to land a job is not that hard.I would have to learn the difference between the operating systems all over again, how the kernels differ, the core utilities of it, etc.
I would have to learn the difference between the operating systems all over again, how the kernels differ, the core utilities of it, etc.Depends a lot on what you're doing.If you want to do any kind of low level development in which you need to know the kernel really well and you choose windows then you're just being a masochist anon.Windows utilities are shit compared to linux's, too.
I realised everything by Google is literally botnetThis, only.
If you want to do any kind of low level development in which you need to know the kernel really well and you choose windows then you're just being a masochist anonI'm sorry but that's necessary for what I'm interested in.Reverse engineering and other stuff. It's not like I don't enjoy Debian. i regularly use it on my thinkpad.
Not much other than getting me to learn vim and install Arch, as well as getting me to build my own computer, etc. All positive as far as I'm concerned. If it weren't for /g/ I'd probably be one of those retard alienware "gaymurr" faggots.
How has /g/ changed me?Now don't mind weebkeks at all, they are still faggots if they have irl weeb shrines thosaved me from Kingstongave me blessed headphone knowledgegave me blessed monitor knowledgesaved me from the closed loop cooler memetaught me about Linux even tho I do not use itNZXT S340 based godsaved me from falling for Nvidia cancer980ti is still a great card senpaiconvinced me to buy a mech keyboardvery nice and I got it for cheap so pleased deeplysaved me from the corsair kekasus is cancerCrucial is basedwindows must be used cautiously
 If it weren't for /g/ I'd probably be one of those retard alienware "gaymurr" faggots.Yeah me too manI fell off the deep end a little but better /g/ than /v/
I'm getting into RE myself but I just do it in a windows VM.Why do you impose yourself the worst part of managing windows when you don't really have to?
Because I want to learn how it all works, my friend.VM isn't as efficient and I'd rather just write my Windows programs ON wangblows.
They've never tried using HHVM
You are /g/ incarnate
What about this?
THAT DISGUSTING FOOT AND TOENAILSOH GOD IM GOING TO THROW UP
Before /g/ I was a casual, pretentious faggot who ran linux but used WINE to run all of my wangblows gaems while learning nothing about coding or anything.Now I've completely abandoned nonfree software, avoid anything I can't examine myself, and have three programming languages in my queue to learn./g/ saved me from being a pretentious faggot. Best decision I ever made coming here.And funny story: mention /g/ to brother over phone "what's /g/?" "technology" goes to /d/ "Oh, /d/ is hentai. You meant /g/, didn't you."
Just epic, dude.
Not literally saying "Slash G as in Game, followed by a Slash"Lmao @ ur life
memepadosxjust take the memebook bait m8
I started writing my university homeworks in LaTeX.There's nothing wrong with that. That's how everyone doing a STEM major should write his shit. It's the best tool out there.Greetings from hungary, haver. I hope that's not really, seggfej, because I'm gonna send them an e-mail.
Everyone saysinstall Gentoolike it's a joke.After installing Gentoo I realized just how much every distro is almost the same with subtle differences in configuration, and how Gentoo is really a great tool for "creating" your own distro.After a while of using Gentoo I now have an automated generic build server that works just like any binary distro repo but software up to date and configured the way I like it so it doesn't take a millennium to install a fresh system. I also retain the flexibility to make package configuration changes for my different machines.However I understand that initial time investment is less enticing than a distro configured OOTB.
How frequenting /g/ has changed you. Made me made at this place with taking its own ironic bullshit memes seriously and the embarrassing groupthinkUse to post everyday. Just started coming back recently
I lmao at it too.
 abandoned firefox and chrome Running palememe Running Icescat Don't enable rpmfusion's nonfree repository Fuck around with ricing, make my DE unusable three times Fuck around with themes, DE seems to randomly decide how it looks Fuck around with coding, learn very little
Upgraded from TN to IPS to CRTSwitched from Intel/Nvidia to AMD/AMDLearned some programming C++Audiophile headphones hd650Model MSecond monitor in portraitFirefox to furry moonNow cripplingly paranoid: disable cookies, disable Javascript, replaced Android with dumbphone, complain about muh freedoms to professors when they want to have meetings on skypeThe paranoia is the worst. I used to enjoy technology. At least the CRTs are nice
Can you tell me a bit more about this setup? I run Funtoo and this is interesting to me.
Damn, you are dumb
Found your problem. DEs.
linuxbeardbasement
Run OSx or Linux. You need antivirus with windows.
also have m50xalso casio watcharch lives to the hypericing is fun currently not using riced desktop for gaming and shitpostinglearned c, c++, python, shell scripting, html, css, and javascriptnow hosting a few websitespeople give a shit about privacy, even outside of the communitylatex is bombreceived FreeCAD from Linux and now I'm saving up for a 3D printer
I forgot the picture.currently at uni and working as a freelancer
doing it wrong
Use a firewall with a white list???Well, here is my case/a/nonCasually play some games, but play Dota most of timeCompanies spying on me had already started to bother meWindows 10 happenedIt literally takes a picture of you when it installs if you have a webcamliteral botnet"I need to protect my privacy, I'm going to check /g/"lurkA few months later, I'm dual booting Elementary OS+Windows 7Nexus has no Gapps anymoreUse Tox
I don't think Funtoo's portage has too many differing changes from Gentoo's but this should help you get startedever automating it is a good learning experience so I'd recommend figuring that part out yourself.
Use ToxIs tox a meme?I used it once in a VM and I REALLY liked it. But it looks kind of sketchy. Is it really secure? Seems like an insecure 4chan meme program that probably has buffer overflows and all sorts of meme problems everywhere.
Upgraded from TN to IPS to CRTI like the way you think
I didn't know they still made Cathode Ray Tube monitors. I thought they'd been obsolete for over a decade.
have 2 memeboardst420 memepadmeme k7xxmemelux 558Bmeme502run archmemccas 42
I sort of enjoy not knowing how my computer is going to look when I open it.I've tried three DEs so far. None of them are very good.
They have total control of the HDD. They can change your settings, log your keystrokes, and do pretty much anything.Nothing can save us. I'm going to have to learn to make my own drives from scratch.
dual dell ultrasharp ips displaysmechanical keyboardLEDs a shitbought a thinkpadlooking to get into linux/programming for fun but hopefully I can use it in the real world alsoIt's 2015, the year is 1984understand the importance of digital freedoms
Open source hardware won't exist until we make open source software to generate it, then have a young person kickstart it for it to be manufactured.
PLEASE REPLY.IS TOX A MEME OR NOT
Last I heard, it was a broken protocol because of the maintainer
all i read from that post is you trying way too hard to fit in
 open source hardware won't exist until we make open source software to generate itI can't tell if you're making fun of me or not.Open source hardware will be viable whenever the means to make a hard/solid state drive are available to the masses or a new storage medium is invented that can be made with consumer tools.Open source firmware shouldn't really be that hard; it's just complicated; I'm sure a community could form around making it.Now that I think about it, we could probably found a community that produces hard drives and solid state drives with open-source firmware; relying on donations and/or from selling said drives.I should really fucking learn to code; I've got a world to save now.
headphonepenmechanical keyboardtrack-ballips
Last I heard, it was a broken protocol because of the maintainerIn what way?I used it recently in a VM, one of the clients didn't work at all but uTox worked perfectly. It feels and seems like a really great chatclient.
 trackballs mechanical keyboards crtsCan someone explain why they're using obsolete technology? I can understand dumbphones and such to avoid being tracked and such, but keyboards, mice, and monitors all seem fairly mundane; why use old stuff?
I'm trying to start tox to use qutebrowser, but it complains that tox.ini doesn't exist.Why? I installed it from the Fedora  repositories; I thought they at least gave you the shit you needed to actually run what you install.
Not understand superior technology.Using plebian tech
thinks crt is a memelet me guess, you also fell for the widescreen-monitor meme?
Not sure what that is m8.I ran it in a windows XP vm. Just ran the uTox.exe and it worked perfectly. Chatted to a couple autists from le 4chin. Great client feels and looks amazing, I am looking forward to its development further tbqh.
using thinkpad edgethinkpad edge is not thinkpad
Can someone explain the benefit of dumbphones? /g/ seems to love them, I'm wondering if I ought to jump on the dumbphone train.
There's no particular benefit other than battery life. I just don't have a smartphone because I don't have any use for the extra features.
 mocking me instead of explaining the benefitCome on, guys. I'm trying to rise above the pleb technology. Help a guy out.And widescreen monitors are all I've known. I haven't used a CRT since I was about 5.
Oh it creates tox.ini when you run it. Or should.Did you make an account? Show what dialog looks like
What model is the hackintosh one?
i use tox every day and while the protocol seemingly has issues and can be unstable, it does what it promises.
Is it secure tho?I'm concerned about exploits or vulnerabilities in the client.Is the development being continued or has it been abandoned?
Oh, I thought it was another botnet thing. Being stalked by the government using the GPS in smartphones Smartphones being loaded with botnet software to monitor everything you do on themI mean, all of our texts/phone conversations are tapped regardless, but I was wondering if dumbphones offered anything in the way of slightly more privacy.
trackballs are ergonamic I assume? perfectly fine and less straining than a regular mouse for normal usage don't have one myself just a guess CRT's have good refresh rate, amazing color reproduction, but they're fuckheug no reason to buy one other than nostalgia/interest in retro tech, it does not offer any benefits great enough to use in place of modern montiors
Well smartphones probably have more botnet in them since they have more software, but it doesn't really matter anyway since cell phones don't respect your privacy by design.
 type "tox" into command line ERROR: toxini file 'tox.ini' not foundSame as when I tried to make the environment with tox -e mkenv.Tried it as my regular account and as root; before I get it working, which should I be using to run it?Actually package installed was  python-tox-[version].noarch
Is the development being continued or has it been abandoned?qtox is still being actively developed, yeah.
fuck idk sorry man.I literally just downloaded uTox on win xp and it "just werked" right away. Maybe can help you.

Pretty much what I thought.I was going to get a moto g with Android and maybe install ubuntu or some other linux distro to it.Any phone recommendations?
Much more durable, better battery life, less botnet, smaller, possibly better audio quality, much cheaper.Higher refresh rates, great colors, good black levels in a dark room, no motion blur, fast response time, low input lag, and true multisync displaying multiple resolutions "natively". LCDs can do some of these reasonably well but not all at once - it's always a compromise when choosing TN vs IPS vs VA panels. CRTs offer fewer compromises in performance, and you can often get reasonably high-end CRTs practically for free. There's also some nostalgia involved and playing old vidya "how it was intended".cell phones don't respect your privacy by designThat's true in general, but over time, things have gotten worse, especially after 9/11. A pre-2001 phone on prepaid plan has probably a lot less botnet than a modern smartphone.
nothing much except hating anime fags even more
hates weebsbrowses 4chan
I dont buy stupid shit just because its cool, now if i dont need it i desire to buy itI identify the meme i want to buy and see if its just a meme or a good productIm slighlty more concerned about my privacy, not that i wasnt before, just a tad more
I know 4chan is an anime based site, but not everyone here are weeaboo degenerate. I respect your life choice, but your taste is not something I look upon.
this, I like anime I think it can be great but a lot of it is just a bunch of weirdos who show off what they fap too like it's a badge of honor
This.Also, I realized after owing 6 thinkpads that they are shit, saving up fur a rMBP now to join the true master race.
mechanical keyboardsobsoleteHow stupid are you?
How it feels being a mindless sheep?
w2c watch?
I don't run OSX any more, it was way too much upkeep/tinkering.  I would love a MacBook but god damn are they expensive.  I do absolutely love the docking station for this thing though.T510 4313 with a different wireless card.  Had to re-flash the bios to allow a different wireless card which was a massive pain in the ass.  Like I said I gave up on running OSX a while ago.
t-thanks /g/
FUCK PHP FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT SHIZCO LANGUAGE WHAT THE FUCK WHO USES THIS
Switch from iphone 6 to moto g this yr too. Thanks to /g/.
I bought a thinkpad, it was fine more or less, then got a macbook with much worse hardware and it's a fucking blessing in comparison. Started to use ssd independently of /g/. Android is shit. That about sums it up.
How's the macbook a blessing in comparison?
I have those exact same headphones.The left one got a frayed wire, so I soldered in paperclips.The paperclips disconnected so I actually bothered soldering in wires.I tore apart a USB cable and took what looked like silver wires out and it sounds like a dream.D-did I do good /g/?
 using firecoxGet Palemoon and Icecat.Those two together do everything you could possibly want Firefox to do, and they do it better, faster, and freer.
I installed uMatrix to my browsers.Still trying to make 4chan work properly.The whitelisting lasts across browser restarts, right? I don't think I can handle starting over.
I didn't fall for the AMD meme
Be sure to click the lock to save your changes to the temporary scope. These 4chan settings work just fine for me.
ctrl F thinkpad19 matches wew
memebook gonna meme
 Even including 4cdnYou are actually the best person I've ever met on 4chan. Contender for best person I've met on the internet.My tactic for figuring out umatrix is to enable everything and disable things until something breaks. That sounds like it opens a security risk; mind sharing your strategy?Have a cute anime girl for your troubles.
Architect seems nice. Heard some people like it.
Try a WM like awesome, IceWM of fvwm. Thier pretty simple to learn how to use and honestly probably better than most DEs out there.
OSX is much more pleasant to use and posix-compliant, I got all the software I need and wine for few things I haven't found full alternatives to yet and I can switch to nix software at any moment if I wish without fucking around with some hobbyist os while keeping all proprietary software too, trackpad is much more comfortable than trackpoint was skeptical about that too, I'm talking about unibody one btw especially with gestures in mind, also it's metal, that's probably not something much people would face but I somehow cracked the palmrest on my thinkpad, haven't dropped it or anything harsh, cosmetics but still... Also cooling broke on me 2 times, got too tired changing it and said fuck it. Little things like backlit keyboard really come useful sometimes. Overall it's just much more pleasant to use and to touch and to look at and it may sound silly to most people but you really start to appreciate things like that when you try them. Only thing I can wish for is that I weren't a poorfag and could afford a macbook with modern hardware. Also fucking .ds_store. That's about my only complaint so far. I wouldn't even consider thinkpads now as long as I'm not in situation with no hardware whatsoever and with money enough only for used old thinkpad and some ssd for it.
i just installed umatrix for the first time a few hours ago, but it follows the same premise as noscript, just in a more esoteric and granular interface. maybe my autism is finely tuned for this but it seems fairly obvious what to whitelist and to not temporarily or otherwise. in 4chan's case it makes sense to permanently whitelist the 1st level domain, doesn't need any explanation. permanently whitelisting the cdn is also necessary as it's going to be a point of contact for a lot of content. the tricky part was the captcha, i kept an eye on the google section while loading up the captcha to see where resources were being loaded, so that i only had to allow the necessary pieces.in most cases on sites you don't visit often, you'll want to temp whitelist the main domain and any legitimate cdns that follow while ignoring the usual google whitenoise as well. you can get a lot more granular with your whitelisting choices if you understand what you're whitelisting specifically. most of them are fairly obvious and literal, but xhr are requests made by forms and scripts on the page, like my 4chan X was initially broken until i allowed the requests to be made, and recaptcha could not contact the service until xhr's for its domain was allowed to be made. frames were also necessary because it uses html frames to display the selection box.hope this helps.
I really love how they look but then i took a closer look and the fact that it's only got a single usb port requiring daisy chaining and a lowly core M, ehhh.
addendum, i'll only do a full whitelist on sites i want all of the options open for, when i end up on some shitty news site i don't want it accessing cookies, so i've set umatrix to delete blocked cookies after it writes them. what the cookies box apparently does is allow them to be written but not sent back to the site unless its been greenlit. what i'll do on these sites is only enable the script, leaving plugins/frames/xhr disabled as well, which should give me the majority of the functionality necessary to make the page readable if it isn't already, without exposing me to other possible bad things. in this scenario, css and images are already permanently whitelisted for the * scope.
Nigga, he is talking about the python build tool tox and not your memeshit skypealternative.
I use both umatrix and noscript.You've been an enormous help in getting things to work; generally I know what to enable in noscript and then I can go from there in matrix; though for some reason TvTropes' search engine refuses to work with umatrix.Ah, well. Thank you so much for your help, based anon. Here's another cute anime girl.
Learned how sli works.My droid turbo from 2014 still has the largest battery on the market. What to look for in benchmarks. Airflow in a desktop. How much thermal paste to use. A lot of you schmucks actually use iphones
i just tried it having never been there before and this seems to work match the dark green boxes
i realized that almost everyone on 4chan has  psychical disorder
mech kb moto g ThinkPad Linux
I was already using linux before encountering /g/ but this the main reason I sticked with this board.I don't have money to throw away so I dont felt for the consumerism meme yet but I am considering a 55g Topre keyboard once I get an occasion or if my current rubberdome dies and I feel like buying myself a gift.I however felt for the desktop rice meme on my free time or during sleepless nights.I sometime post in the threads but I star away from the anime wallpaper meme.For 10 years now I havent used windows as my main OS as I chose Debian or Debian based.The Arch linux shill and the fact that Arch hater don't have real arguments except that implying it's difficult to install make me consider switching for it in a close future.Finally, I now look in my univ' garbage to look for cheap pieces and build myself a PC for free.You'd be impressed by how often people throw away a full prebuilt computer when in reality you just have to change the PSU
 Developed disdain for windows users Started going further to the linux side Use only free software when I can Use umatrix and noscript Will spend hours just getting my porn to work This is what I am now I love myself
Not simply downloading the HTML5 video from porn sites
..................[spoiler]forgot I could do that.[/spoiler]
Memes I have fallen for:T4209702500kFractal R4Cooler Master Hyper 212SSDATH M50XubuntuPythonTh-Thanks.
what tool are you using?
I realized that I want to become the little girl.
Confirmed that linux is garbage no matter how much people shill it on here. Great if you are NEET and a weeb tho.Frown upon consumer grade laptops like you said when i cand get a good HP/Lenovo/Dell device for like 200-300 EuroBegun to think Apple isn't all that badRealized people are complete autists when it comes to building a PCGot a bit paranoid about being constantly spied on by Google or Microsoft when in fact i couldn't give a shit less considering i am living in Romania
I'll type them in order:Built own PCBought a T420Bought Koss PortaProStarted lifting, well this is from /fit/Installed ArchlinuxBought a T430Now using Archlinux as only OSCurrently learning LATEX
2500kwhat? why? that cpu is a beast. i'm still using it and running at 4.5ghz no problem
Came here for the watch threads, and kinda go sucked into the Dankpad meme and tried Linux.Though it was mostly an alright example, plus i was into programming and PC building even beforehand.
Used Falcon guide to build my own PCbought a T60p 4 years ago1$ mousepadMech KeyboardSwitched to Loonix entirely instead of mostly being in windowslove Clearning DI'm sure there's more, but I don't really attribute all of this to /g/
It hasn't. I fell for /g/ memes before I even started frequenting /g/.Have had Thinkpads for the past 15 yearsHave had IPS monitors since they first became a thingMechanical keyboards since Model M
learning languagesLearn how to engineer. Faggot.
Oh boy here we go again™Installed a 17 bay rack on my roomConsecrated a computer wth an i5 and 16 gigs of ram to PFsence and enabled everything from caching, antivirus to mdns. mfw this actually was a good thing because 30 PC network with inept university students living with meGot into programingGot back into hardware into and circuits out of whimLearn proper networking.Have 4 servers at home 1 NAS - 1 HTTP - 1 Virtualization  - 1 Seedbox/PlexboxStarted  my own second hand hardware shop on eJewbayDid not buy a thinkpadInstalled Linux, BSD and OSX on their proper platforms IDE, Servers , shitops [by that order]Bailed out on the social network meem and crawled back into the usenet/IRC channels.Currently learning how to use LaTexStudiying for degree.Actually not killing myself right now.And thats not all, but fuck me if i'm going to mension it all.
all memes are bad
Bought meme watch SNK803Bought Kingston SSD because fuck you guys it's cheap as shitBought Corsair mech keyboard because I now have money saved from SSDEat straight butterShill free software even though I don't use it
CRT fagsThis is a meme?
/vr/ the meem is stong
[spoiler]spoiler doesn't work on /g/[/spoiler]
why is hungarian so different from the rest ?Shit is so hard to understand.
dude its fucking basic english alphabet with some extra letters that are almost the same only sound a bit different....
The DAC part is the biggest meme.
didnt fell for the cherry mk memedidnt fell for the topre memeabout to fall for the novatouch meme
Long list...-I realized that /g/ has been /v/ 2.0 with tech support for years now-I have a different perspective of Google, not only because of the le buttnet meem -I wouldn't buy a laptop or prebuild unless it's reputable "enterprise grade" -I spend hours researching serious tech related purchases -started using one of the big two editors for a variety of tasks -use multiple distros -avoid purchasing and using technology that tracks me where I can -next build is a high end passthrough for Windows on GNU/Linux
Started my own second hand hardware shop on eJewbaywaste of effort. Have fun getting scammed by both customer's and jewbay. Remember the customer is always right even if they have broken or stolen parts from your product when you sent them a complete working item.
In a short amount of time I've had several accounts from different providers with different passwords that are not used in the same devices and still have received warnings of suspicious activity and passwords automatically reset by the systems. These passwords range from 9 to 12 characters using alphanumeric csse sensitive strings. The funny thing is that the shittiest account I have also oldest has a shit password and never had any issues with it.Do you guys have/had any similar problems?
who is this dog fucker?
Just some slut from tinder.
did she fuck your dog?
I... I am the dog anon.Bitches love the D dog can't blame them though, I'm not roof to the eye.
What computers do you use for university?
my desktop for computingmacbook for graphic designtablet for miscellany
desktop for computingWhy couldn't the macbook handle that?
Pen and paper faggot.
..so you don't have a computer at all?
elaborate setup for le throttle meme
o-oh.
ASUS Q500A running Fedora
An old Vaio VPC-SE, 1080p screen, blu-ray drive, weighs less than 2kg, battery still lasts between 3 and 5 hours, enough punch for all of my engineering needs. I just wish it had more than 6 GB RAM to have more freedom in VMs. Still, never regretted investing the €1800.
The human mind is the most powerful computer.
shut up faggot
HP Stream 11computer labs for anything that matters because they already have ALL of the software you will ever use for all majors, including STEM.
It's not that it can't, it's that I like my desktop and it came first. Plus multiple displays are nice. I guess, generally, I find a desk workspace pleasing.
Me mcbook for everything mate
must be poor.
A NUC and a tablet.
Bought a Toshiba Satellite P855-33T a couple of years ago.It has enough horsepower for all my uni needs and it also pulls off a bit of gaming.
What pen do you use? I'm looking to get a new one.
New macbook doesn't even have USB ports. kek
Desktop and cheap ass $300 thinkpad.
seriously? How do people use usb drives? I use them literally every day with my laptop
Still using my asus eeepc 1005P. Using 1gb of ram with a 1.6 ghz atom feels kinda bad, but it does the job.
cheapest 11.6" computer I could buy new with a good battery lifeanyone ITT saying they use some $800 laptop or any desktop is a fucking idiot. you paid for the computer labs that already have the software loaded on. you're just wasting your money you turbo faggots.
Why the fuck would I subject myself to using communal computers when I'm not poor?
you paid for them faggot, you tell me
so every ameritard uses mac? wew lad, that is rough
My course provided us with HP Elitebooks with Mint and a bunch of useful software pre-installed. It's pretty good. I still use my PC to knock a few hours off my more hardcore computational stuff though.
I paid to take tests and to get a piece of paper with the schools name on them in the end. I don't give a fuck about anything else.
d-does anyone use a c-c-chromebook?
Hp 50 g :D and i7-quadro-32gbram for computing fluid dynamics
this. I have my laptop and desktop in my room but I will not take my laptop to lectures unless I am asked or needed to.Love seeing faggots browse facebook and play football manager whilst I take important notes on my paper.
But we don't have computer labs :^The school assumes everyone gets a laptop so you can actually work at home too. Maybe unlike you but we're actually expected to do productive work at home so not trying to develop on a 11 inch turdbookPosted from my HP™ ZBook
so why do you even own a laptop? I agree and also never use anything other than pencil and paper, though.he doesn't live in a dormsounds like someone didn't go to a good university
 make body of computer blend with background for muh minimal ad keep retarded intel stickers on
Toshiba Tecra Z50 but starting to think it's overkill
It's a mac. Got it for free so can't complain. I keep it because it's handy when doing group work in the library or at someone else's room as opposed to using library chinkpads.Also useful for lab classes.
This, mostly. Assignments are handed out and delivered digitally, so you need a device that can do that. Scanners are present at campus. Though a computer was required for the Cisco exam, and some of the labs. I'll need the computer more in following semesters though.
sounds like someone didn't go to a good universitymy top 100 worldwide uni doesn't have a huge campus and is located in a city center 3 miles from my home.o and did I mention my tuition is €1k a year? :^alsonot doing late night codingcan't do that in a lab either
1k yurosyurosYour degree will be worth nothing outside the shithole you live in, poorfaggot. I'd rather pay £9k but have my degree recognized internationally.
lmao bro my uni was one of first ones in yurop, founded centuries ago, it's on the same level as Cambridge when it comes to researchanyway this is a silly argument and off topic
top 100that's not impressive at all and you're making it clear that you're euro so it's definitely shit.
Some old probook that we got in highschool, usually just take notes with pen and paper though.
getting a free laptop in high schoolwelp
Yeah there's some pros to being a swekek i guess.
macbookfucking poorfag
rekt
I used paper and a pen when I went to university. But I'm over 30.
I didn't think anyone in university could be this poor...
lmao you don't even use a surface what a fucking poorfaggot i would never date you as you obviously fail at life
Dell Vostro 1710The screens going out though so i'll be getting an equally hipster ass junker despite having the money for something new. It's a conversation starter.
custom built desktop - ubuntumacbook pro for carrying in my backpackbeen a laptop guy since... I think 06', recently went back to desktops for the gayming.
It has one USB drive
Sager NP7338
I use one for my compsci degree and it has worked just fine
Nexus 7 tablet but I mostly use pen and paper since most assignments are digital and I can do those at home on my desktop.
been using a Toughbookswitched to a Chinkpad some time ago
Tablet for note taking and facebook messaging cuties during class.Desktop for anything actually worth doing and gaymingNotebook for porn without having to get up or hold shit on the bedside.
he watches pornhe's in universitysomeone doesn't have sex
note taking:surface pro 3 - i5, 8gb ram, 256gb ssdbackup laptop: secondary backup of notes/occasionally lend to friend for assignment work/study etc. in library since he does not have his own had an old acer with dead mobo out of warranty, is currently saving for a new laptop and the computers there are almost always taken - 3rd gen i7, 8gb ram, 128gb ssdstudying at home:desktopdesktop - 2nd gen i5, 8gb ram, 2x1tb hdds adding 256gb ssd soon
It's been a decade, but:Taking notes: A spiral-bound with a pen.Writing papers: desktop that can run a word processor.Writing papers at the last minute in the library: A laptop that can run a word processor.Anyways, take notes by hand. You will remember the stuff better that way than if you just turn off your brain and act as a conduit to your fingers on a keyboard.
you know that a good pencil and notebook costs like $1 instead of that $1000 surface and will allow you to remember more easily?
notation in my course is heavy. Pen and paper / galaxy note 10.1 for notes, 2003 lab pc for excel, and my pc at home.
I turn lectures into anki flashcards in realtime and casually flick through it on my phone throughout the day. You don't sound very efficient.
Samsung Galaxy Tab A 9.7. Most people use pen and paper, and so did I last year, but I thought I would give the tablet a try. So glad I did. Makes it easier for everything. Shapes, colours, and zoom are top tier.
has to turn typed notes into flash cardshas to casually go through the cards throughout the daydoesn't just write notes by hand and then have the knowledge committed to his mind.One of those isn't very efficient. Spoiler: It's you!
I got the surface as a birthday gift from my folks for uni after my old laptop died. I still occasionally write stuff down but I just find i've become accustomed to typing so I can do so a lot faster. I tend to read and re-read my notes and also sometimes write them down after the lectures to help remember as that seems to be my learning style, not all of the lectures are recorded so i prefer to try get down as much as I can in the time given, and for me typing is most efficient at that.
not having eidetic memorynot making decks and selling them for dosh and weedlmao
My dell n4050 dual core for assignments and stuff, it is slow as fuck for anything except surfing web, programming and watching mongolian cartoons
- paper and pen for taking notes- Dell XPS 15 that's five years old for homework Win7 with Ubuntu VMs for programming assignmentsthe laptop's HDD is starting to go, but i don't wanna fuck up installations and stuff before my last term
Yes
Nice*tips fedora*Get it? Huehueh
USB port*
Ideapad 100 with an SSDrunning pic related for when I need to bring it or else pen and paper
Is that the windows version? How does it handle everything? I was considering buying the 100s from best buy for $150 since I have a gift card.
Is that the windows version?Yes, it came with windows 8 metro editionHow does it handle everything?I just write small pieces of code on it so it works for mePentium N3540 Quad Core,4GB RAM,128GB SSDand it has a 15.6' monitor so it is kinda big but whatevsI bought it 240 dollaridoos because I live in a country that is in the top of the tax leagues
oh, that's the nicer one. the one i'm referring to has a fucking intel atom in it and is 11.6"
first two years in dormOld Dell Inspiron from high school.final two years living in on campus studioDesktop, mostly because I just wanted one, and that Inspiron is barely still usable.
he doesn't watch pron with his qt22/7 trap gf while rubbing each others cocks until you cum in each others mouths in 2015Fuck off grandpa
damn that's lonely.
thinkpad 420t
Mac Book, it is the best *BSD and unlike OpenBSD, it doesn't have any FBI backdoors in it.
that's not a thing
macbook air for everything.fucking humble workhorse
doesn't that shit get hot? macbooks seem to have lots of trouble due to their silly design keeping cool.
Apple is objectively best for Unviersity.
I can personally asure you the Macbook Air has a well thought thermal design and Aluminum sometimes makes it too cold to even touch it on Winter.
going through Mech E with a MacGood luck.
Mac is best of Eng
has the palmrest coating worn yet?
Sony vaio s13 for coding, cad and such on campus rarely needed if comp labs are crowded.HP stream 7 for fucking around on the interwebs and "taking notes", also runs basic STEM stuff barely if absolutely needed.Desktop/old abused server for hevy work.
Fuck yeah Scandinavia!Jævla probookene suger balle da...
Classroom full of Macbooks
I was in college university from 2003 until 2010.  University of Kentucky.I never owned a laptop I took to class.  My desktop PCs were random Dell consumer prebuilds I upgraded with better RAM and HDDs until a friend sold me his old custom PC for $50.  It was an Athlon 64+ machine.  I don't recall seeing many people with laptops open during class, even up until the end of my time there.  The first couple of years it was common for no one in a large lecture hall to have one open, and by 2010 it was still only 10%.  These were Physics and CS classes by the way.  Macbooks and Apple computers were almost nowhere to be found.  They were also something of a joke because no one knew how to use them, the performance was terrible, and they difficult to upgrade.  In my entire time in university around many, many highly tech minded people I knew a total of 1 person who owned a Macbook with gentoo installed on it!.  The most common laptop I saw was probably the Dell Inspiron series.  They were cheap, and sturdy enough to make it through.  By 2010 it was somewhat common to see someone watching Hulu on a HP Pavillion with a 17" screen during a lecture.  Why even bother going to class if you're going to sit there and watch TV?
I take my laptop average acer to uni when i have to study in the library or when I have Lab classes. All my classes have math and theres is no point in tanking the computerNice to see a fellow countrymen on /g/.1k is what people pay cause the state gets the rest of the expensives. Its a public universaty and taxes should be used on education. Besides unis should not be money making machines.
do you really need a laptop for labs?
all those freshmen thinking they need a notebook for CSEnjoy your shitty education, code monkeys
but what do you need a notebook for at all?
pennot colored pencils
what does /g/ think of hackintosh, is it worth the hassle?
dumb frogposter
os x it's nice, have some good programs buthackintoshwhy? Linux is in every time better, exept some nice ui and some programs.USE VIRTUAL MACHINE, os x run pretty smooth, including final cut pro, same with windows
no it isn't
/thred
What kind of videos can I upload to youtube, without having any problem with copyrightnamely.a type or class of video that can be uploaded to YouTube and the video never have problems with copyright
Anything you record yourself with a camera will be fine, generally, even if it is video of copyrighted video
what happened is that I want to upload videos to youtubebut I will not violate or infringe copyright
just avoid youtube if you want to upload copyrighted materialso many other good video sharing sites out there
then don't upload any copyrighted material be it audio, or video, or if you do, make sure it's used in a transformative way so as to make it fair use.
It is that I have more confidence to youtube.And you can upload videos to YouTube without ever have problems with copyright?
but I want to upload videos that I never have problems with copyright.you can upload videos to youtube and never erased copyright problems
you can upload videos to youtube and never erased copyright problemsyou mean the music uploads? most are uploaded by companies that pay fees to the music labelsalmost everything else is uploaded at different speeds to avoid the automatic detection by youtube's DRM checking system
but I want to avoid problems with 100% copyright.I want to upload content that can be viewed at ANY of the world, and anyone coming erase video or I have problems with copyright
nigga learn english first then come back
I want to avoid problems with %100 copyrightThen don't upload copyrighted content. What aren't you understanding about this?
this tBh
What is the keyword to type into my .i3/config file if I want to map an command, to right-clicking my mouse?
bump
READTHEFUCKINMANUAL
I've been googling this shit like a mother fucker.Ctrl+F "Mouse" on any docs I find doesn't get me what I'm looking for.
What distro are you running?
What distro are you running?$ screenfetch          _,met$$$$$gg.           momf@JustDoIt      ,g$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$P.        OS: Debian 8.2 jessie    ,g$$P""       """Y$$.".      Kernel: i686 Linux 3.16.0-4-686-pae   ,$$P'              `$$$.      Uptime: 9d 20h 13m  ',$$P       ,ggs.     `$$b:    Packages: 3237  `d$$'     ,$P"'   .    $$$     Shell: bash 4.3.30   $$P      d$'     ,    $$P     Resolution: 1360x768   $$:      $$.   -    ,d$$'     WM: i3   $$\;      Y$b._   _,d$P'      GTK Theme: Not Found [GTK2], Zukitwo [GTK3]   Y$$.    `.`"Y$$$$P"'          Icon Theme: Not Found   `$$b      "-.__               Font: Not Found    `Y$$                         CPU: Intel Pentium D CPU 3.00GHz @ 2.99GHz     `Y$$.                       RAM: 1059MB / 2013MB       `$$b.                             `Y$$b.                             `"Y$b._                             `""""           Would have posted the autogenerated screenshot but that's having weird issues that I absolutely do not have time to figure out right now, with the deadlines I'm currently facing.

Anybody know how to use Android Studio 1.4, and where to learn it, if not, do you recommend any other program?
I believe 'google' is a great place to start.
/threadi'm always curious why people even ask such questions in here?
if you don't know java, start thereGo to the docs, read through tutorials or watch videos.Close this thread, it is not helpful to anybody
Udacity
There's nothing to learn, intellij is the most intuitive IDE out there, and Android studio is just one of its fork. Combine that with writing code in kotlin instead of Java and suddenly android dev becomes enjoyable
learning an IDE

Installed it today, used it and the fuckslow emu for 2 or 3 hours. Looks good to me. Still I am not happy with programming for android. There should be more options in languages. Imagine how easy it would be to just use some scripting language for polling things like news or sites or something.
the worst IDE for android for -- the time building a project is a fucking eternity-- the impor sistem is garbage the pca to pcb copy and paste a project in the pcb crash the project-- crash projects without touching the R problem -- i prefer eclipse over that shit IDE
I like Eclipse
You guys ever done anything cool with NFC?
I paid for food at McDonalds and a Slurpee at 7-11.  The NFC payment thing at 7-11 stopped working, though, and they've made zero effort to fix it in over a year.
I have a tag under my desk so when I set my phone down it turns off mobile data and turns on Wi-FiAnother tag on my nightstand silences my phone when I set it there for the nightTags under the palmrests in my laptops turn on my phone's Bluetooth and create a PAN when I tap my phone to it
Is this an actual thing or are you just being a smartass?Because they are a fantastic fucking idea. Imagine selling these stickers on the web for like $20 each. Fuck id buy it. I bet theyd cost like 8cents to make aswell.
Thats pretty cool anon
Been researching NFC for the past few hours.For one, certain phone OSes don't allow third party apps to modify system settingsIn Windows Phone, you can't use NFC tags to turn on/off WiFi, etc. because of those security concerns. You can however open up the appropriate settings window to turn it off yourself.You're late to the bandwagon by a few years m8
the stickers are less than a dollar each, available all over the internet
...it's a common thing to do.
That is amazing anon
meYeah, same. I did a quick search on the tech and they seem very promising. I can imagine a punch card system for shift workers using this.Yeah the first thought I had would be all the security concerns but once android plugs the holes I think that it would add alot of great functionality. And no doubt apple will follow suit. Heck even if they used biometric scanners to authorize the 3rd party apps once they're deemed safe I feel like that would solve alot of problems. Slap an apple logo and youi could sell them for like $50 each. I can absolutely picture this happening. Macfags in starbucks. Simply tap the phone or laptop on the nrc sticker and instantly connected to the wifi, make your order at a cafe or night club using a phone app, tap the nrc on the register, or even slide your phone over the stickers with the photos of the drink you want and hit purchase.
I once shoved a phone with NFC up my ass, that was pretty cool.
Simply tap the phone or laptop on the nrc sticker and instantly connected to the wifi,Sounds like too much work..As opposed to just having an unsecured wifi connection ?I don't know what planet you guys are on, but phones these days automatically connect to any saved wifi networks as soon as you are within range, there is no need for this extra step of tapping your phone while at work or some shit.
I've been using NFC payments everyday for the last 13-14 months or so.
Using e-amusement pass.
I use NFC to share stuff to someone else's device when available. It's pretty neat, I guess.
I once connected to someone else's portable speaker through it.
Slap an apple logo and youi could sell them for like $50 each.You can't do anything with nfc on iPhones. iphones 6 onward have an nfc antenna but it's crippled for using only for apple pay. Only android/WP have open NFC API.
Only android/WP have open NFC API here, I use BB10OS
Go back to bed gramps
I'm 19
Tags under the palmrests in my laptops turn on my phone's Bluetooth and create a PAN when I tap my phone to itI've seen roughly this same sentence posted many many many times before. Is it a pasta or do you just post the same thing in every NFC thread?
I used it to get on the rides faster at disney and employees can see my name on a screen when I approach them
although I suspect that to be rfid for the long range stuff like disney tracking me
YOu know you can disable Wifi to make battery life longer...
Does enabling NFC use up any power?I thought it would be a waste of energy to always have NFC enabled so I can tap it on NFC tags.But if I have to turn it on for every use, then I might as well perform the action manually.
Do you have an open-source app for this?
place nfc tag on the inside of a small device, right where the battery isit doesn't worktake battery outit works perfectly finebattery confirmed for interfering with NFC tag, even when device is turned off
i made an app in android... the protocol is fun tbqh
i cloned the card of open the door in my work. and you can hack public transport in chile.
I've seen people use it to steal money from new credit cards.
Paid in a store with itConnected to a cameraUsed an app to demo the vulnerabilities of the current public transport card system to get a free rideAnd now I have a phone without NFC and I don't think I'm missing something.
underrated post
I was going to make a mockery of the nfc toys but I simply could not be bothered to screw around with android enough to unlock sufficient access to the nfc.the read/writers also seem to be overpriced for what will essentially be a screwing around hobby.I already have most of the research data including the stuff that was c&d'ed into oblivion.
Did you know you can literally take it off and place it anywhere you want as long as it's within 10 cm from the phone? That's why it's called NFC. They just place those stickers there so they won't get lost or accidentally removed.
There is an app for reading bank cards and one for passports.
Check F-Droid. I remember one but I've forgotten the name though sorry.
On android tasker does the job rooted only i think or if you are on cyanogenmod  13.0 go to settings/profilesOn ios... Nah ios sucks
Yeah or to prevent evilap attacks or to prevent shopping malls to track you... Holy shit im not gonna enable wifi again. Someone into microusb ethernet cards?
Used it as a logbook and a toggle switch for my Bluetooth in my car and my wifi at home
I post in NFC threads
I use BB10OS, there's a built in NFC app. Not sure about Android
I'm setting up a gateway for external access to some servers, I'm using all the normal stuff like disabling root, using fail2ban and rate limiting, but there's a bit of a debate about what port to use.The question is whether to use 22 or some other random non-privileged port. The upside of using a non-privileged port is that it's harder to find, the downside is that a non-root user could listen to the port, or spoof an sshd IMO this is a bit of a non-issue, since both require a malicious user to be on your system in the first place. Which choice does /g/ use?This could then be combined with port knocking later.General SSH security thread I guess.
Non-standard port reduces brute force traffic a lot. At least make sure to use public key authentication and disable password authentication.
Asymmetric crypto  symmetric crypto, but that doesn't mean you should disable password authentication. Provided you use proper secure passwords, Fail2ban keeps a lot brute force attempts out. You can also extend your password authentication with 2FA by using a YubiKey which uses OTPs. That way you either authenticate by using you public key, or your password+YubiKey.
Never ever change your ssh port number. The standard port requires root-level privs to listen to it, while high ports will make it possible for a malicious process to MITM your ssh connection. Use key auth, use fail2ban with default settings. You'll never get brute forced, it's literally impossible.
general for something you do once per serverReally now?
I was not previously aware of this port-listening privilege issue.What prevents a regular user from listening to port 22? Why can't that thing be reconfigured to treat another port the same way?I know that changing the port doesn't affect security in any meaningful way,  but it does de-clutter some logs pretty nicely. That's certainly not a good trade for reduced security, but it doesn't seem very unix-y to me to treat ports in unique, non-configurable ways. So what is the fundamental difference between 22 and any other port?
Only root can listen on all ports under 1024. This is a kernel feature, it's been around since UNIX, and cannot be changed. Wangblows has no similar feature: all users can bind any unused port. If you want more info, it's called "privileged ports". Changing the port significantly lowers your security. If you don't like your logging, change your logging policy. Don't be dumb.
UNIX That's the trademark. You mean Unix.
fail2banI don't know why you guys suggest fail2ban, it's a security vulnerabilitysomeone spams using your IPcongrats you just got blockedSame reason limiting password attempts is a stupid idea, makes it easy for someone to DoS you.
spoofing a TCP handshake with your IPsure m8
he doesn't know how TCP/IP worksFuck off.
trusting every machine in between you and the serverYes.  Any machine can claim to have your IP and get you banned.
non-privileged port. The upside of using a non-privileged port is that it's harder to find, the downside is that a non-root user could listen to the port, or spoof an sshd IMO this is a bit of a non-issue, since both require a malicious user to be on your system in the first place. Which choice does /g/ use?Just use literally any other port below 1024, like 666
You do realize that there's nothing stopping someone from deviating from the TCP/IP specification, right?  That's why SSL/TLS certs are signed, to prevent MITMs.
It has nothing to do with trust. Ingress filtering is a thing now.The attacker would have to be in complete control of the flow so either very close to the datacenter aka the provider for their uplink or very close to you aka your ISP. Both off them can easily block your complete access without any fail2ban shenanigans anyway, so this points is moot.inb4 state level attackerThey'd just go to your ISP and slap your ass.TCP/IPOpinion invalidated
Asymmetric crypto  symmetric cryptoWhat do you mean by this?
Asymmetric cryptography = public key cryptography key pairsSymmetric cryptography = traditional shared secret model like passwords
So if I have a jump box, how should I be restricting SSH to the boxes that it is used to jump to?Via sshd config? Via authorized_keys? Via firewall?
More likely, you'll accidentally lock yourself out.All of the above.
I use normal port.  Password auth, and google two factor auth
implying
Is that really necessary?If the request is blocked in iptables, then do I really need to block the connection in sshd AllowUsers? And if it's blocked using AllowUsers then they won't be able to use the authorized key regardless if it's blocked or not?OATH's TOTP? Or something else?I'm especially looking to armor the wire between two static hosts jump box and a host.
Yeah this and SSHv2. Disable v1 support completely.
I have all of my PCs and servers running SSH on the default port.  Disable root login, force ssh version 2, and use rsa keys for logins regularly.  Also, use an iptables rule to allow only 3 new connections to port 22 in a 5 minute period. Significantly reduces brute force.
If they have access to listen to traffic they must be root level if configured correctly so this is nonsense.
Key auth will automatically give you an error if you want to sign in don't see any value of fail2ban behind that.OP if you want to block shit get a hardware firewall works alot better + you can block/allow countries/ips for the entire network.
Ive heard about mices for cs go that are zowie fk 1, adder from razer and steel series shitties but i wanna be sure that there is nothing better and which one of these above is the best?
there is an image with all the good sensors and stuff, but any decent mouse reasonable size and brand will do just fineI got to supreme with a shitty roccat one that leaks glue for fucks sake
Got to DMG with a shitty 15 buks wirelessExpensive mice are overrated af
DMG
/v/
In a few months, with no prior cs experience?I'm fine with how far I've come
Buy some 150$ mouse and slowly get accustomed to the idea it's yourself who's holding you back.
wired deathadders are pretty god tier and last for years
My friend was DMG. He bought a new mouse and keyboard and he jumped to supreme master first class. He vouched that he did not actually get better, it was the new mouse and keyboard that gave him the advantage.
what ever mouse works for you.fix that choke and latency first.
not  using acceleration
My ISP has blocked me from torrenting. How do I bypass that? Can I get a penalty from my ISP?

a vpn or a seedbox
VPNI c-can't afford $30 a yearStop torrenting then.
v v v v v v v v C U C K  U C K C  C K C U  K C U C ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^
 PeerBlock iBlockList or wherever you want to get blocklists from See if your ISP is listed Add ISP
The reason people orrent is not not pay for shit, dumbass.
can't spend money to save moneyWell, shit, might as well actually by the product then
Guys, help me please. I'm so sad. I can't download Haruhi Suzumiya soundtrack
www.bitport.io is very noiceI use their free tier 1GB traffic per day, 2GB storage because I'm a jew and don't want them to have my shiny shekels, but it would basically cost you 5$ for unlimited traffic and 20GB of storage which is more than enough.
Call your ISP and cancel your service with them.They'll do just about anything to stop you from going to a competitor, and the first thing they're going to ask you is why you want to cancel the service.Tell them why, and if they won't guarantee you the issue will be resolved in 24 hours or less, cancel the account.Sign up with literally any of their competitors.
delete system32.
www.bitport.iofeaturing antivrus controlcheckedgarbage
How does a vpn work? Wouldn't your ISP still know you were torrenting and shit?
I didn't know ISPs did shit like that.Heck ISPs aren't even allowed to block sites where I live and I never had problems with them.
Office has massive database that is all torrentedtorrent from it all the time at home because I do lots of work form homeISP blocks me from torrentingcall them up to complainthe 3 people I talk to on the phone all say "torrenting is illegal!!!"it was just legit office files and I never torrent anything else but that shitMFW
hello I want to cancel because I cant illegally download chinese cartoons and gta v
Use put.io
Because you're not going to pirate way fucking more than $30 worth of shit per year? Please. You're just dirt poor.VPN had uses outside of torrent also.
If you search in the archive, there's a mega link of it.
Hello, I'm cancelling my 2-year contract and paying $200 for doing that because you are invading my privacy.
You were probablly going to download illegally anywayWhy not respect the copyright of people who worked hard to create content instead???Maybe get a job
That is literally the purpose of a vpn virtual private network www.google.com
been surfing web a lotonly use good sites like 4changet a project on usability testingbasic purpose is to find flaws in navigating/using a websitedon't know any sites like thatSo /g/ I need help, please post websites that are used a lot but have a noticeable number of flaws, also mention the flaws if you can, thanks.
only use good sites like 4chanHeh.
There's a shitty website called 4chan whose front page redirects people not using an ad blocker to sleazy malware sites.
Got to butter 'em up a little bit
lingscars dot comI'm sure you can find something there that doesn't work.It's a great site though, takes me back to the mid 90's... We should return to this format instead of all of that hipster bullshit we have today.
Holy shit, this is one beautiful website. Looks like a lot of creativity went into it.

Education websites with tons of JavaScript and bloat like blackboard

That was my initial reaction too, and the thought "I'm Home".I never minded blinktext/blink, or lots of graphics and now that we all have the bandwidth to spare it makes more sense than ever.What I do mind is half of my screen real estate being wasted.  Everything running down the middle of the screen with a shitty background just irks me.My first search engine excite dot com is still alive so that's got to count for something.Links... Links Everywhere
As in tutorial websites?I don't need websites that are troll or basically memes, I need something that actually has some use like 
Pearson has these javascript horrors used for doing homework online
facebook is the definition of bad design
agreed, I was just about to add that
if I have to use it, I use m.facebook.com even on the computer
Oh god this. Pearson's site is absolute dogshit. It would kick me off all the time without saving my progress. Don't even get me started on the mobile version.
Pearson charges you 100 bucks to do your fucking homework without the textbook and then their client crashes every time you restart a problem.
There are already too many normies in my class that have picked facebook and derivatives.What about reddit?
Should i cencentrate on Python Web or Program development? Where is the dough?
Web if you need a job, app/program if you want to jail.
Shit, I just gave myself a blowjob and I look similar to your pic. God damn it anon!
show
a-already licked and wiped it off!besides, I wouldn't post a pic of myself on 4chan
I've never seen a python job advertised that wasn't for webapps desu senpai.
Good. Last thing I want is my monitor to break.
sucking "pythons" for money
G-Give me one too anon-kun
Close your fucking mouth
c++shit syntaxcan't do anything without writing tons of codelow salaryoldfags competitioninfinite complexityintegration issuesprone to exploitsWhy the fuck should you stick with it?
C++low salary
c++integration issueslol
because its the only language that combines performance and abstraction well
because nobody cares about your meme languages like python
There are only two things wrong with C++: The initial concept and the implementation.
Literally the only people complaining about c++ are the the ones too retarded to learn how a computer actually works to get the most out of the language.
low salary OP ur a fag
Mostly kids. At this point a lot of low-grade tech schools are in bed with MS and only teach C#.
quality thread, op
C++ good at abstractionis that why you have to take care of memory allocation yourself?
Plus the people who have used it for more than a decade and have put up with enough of its shit. You will not truly understand everything that is wrong with it until you've spent at least that much time wading knee-deep in its shit.I won't deny that it has its place, regrettable though it is. I will even concede that it's exciting. To begin with. After a while you start to realise it just gets in your way at every turn.
memory allocation yourselfif what you mean is abstracting memory allocation in well designed containers so that the leaks and memory errors are minimized then yes.
Move on anons C++ is no more the meme language, it's clojure now.
Except you don't if you don't want to.
Pretty much this. I like to hate on C++ as much as the next guy, but when you get down to it, it's just another language, good for some things, bad for others.It's kind of like PHP and Java for me. I would never use it for any of my own projects unless there are obvious benefits, but I'll use it without complaining if everyone else wants to use it simply because that's what everyone knows. I can't expect everyone to pick up node or haskell or whatever meme language I'm into at the time just to appease my autism.
Smart pointers are still a thing you have to take care of. A language that does abstraction well lets you focus on the task and not on house-keeping shit.
Continuing the general BSD thread from What BSD do you like to use /g/ and why?
I like to use FreeBSD myself. I like it because it's really simple to use, anytime I've had a question the handbook has answered it, things like jails make testing really fast with the way I use them. There's other stuff too but I'm too tired.
none, because it's shit, has no drivers and is full of fbi backdoors
I use OSX
fbi backdoorsWhy do you say this?
pure cancer
full of fbi backdoorsif you're talking about OpenBSD, that was a lie, there never was an FBI backdoor in it.
is certainly not working for free, I would do the same for a fat FBI paycheck
Because Windows is surely backdoor free.
Legitimately the only good desktop Unix left.
but there is no proofbut they probably didn't
They did a full investigation and nothing was found other than various bugs that they fixed. This whole OpenBSD has a backdoor is FUD, Plain and Simple.
openbsdmost secure bsd everhas had two remote holes in who knows how longfull of fbi backdoorsTerribad b8 i r8 2/8
You people are truly the worst kind of people.
b-but that's exactly what the fbi would say.. I'll stick to my solaris install.
kek, not only is OpenBSD insecure, it's riddle with FBI backdoors making you their bitch and a kuck. I'll stick to FreeBSD, which is free of FBI backdoors and is completely secure.
solarisI'm near crying I'm laughing so hardenjoy your megabotnet
At least it's not riddle with backdoors made by the FBI.
Did winter break begin this early? I don't believe it.
We're talking about *BSDs, whats wrong with that?
trips confirms early winter breakinb4 the uni near me still has a week and finals
implying Oracle didn't plant their own backdoor
Can we please get back on topic and resume talking about BSD?
zfs requires at least 1gb of ram for each 1tb of storage, in addition to memory for the operating system and programs
implying that this is a lot of RAM
The benefits of ZFS are really nice if you can afford it but only if you really need to make sure your data is reliable, not everyone NEEDS ZFS even if it is nice to have.
They did a full investigation and nothing was foundTheynothing was foundso the devs paid by the fbi didn't find any fbi backdoor?
most secure bsd everhahahaha, this meme again?
you are free to do a full investigation yourself. the code is out there.
OpenBSD is inherently insecure.
damage control
it's common knowledge
only one dev was accused of being paid for by the FBI, not the entire team. Until you point out where there is a backdoor, you're full of shit.
implying anyone on /g/ would be smart enough to find the fbi backdoor, only someone like Terry Davis would have the skills to do so.
OpenBSD lacks features like jails and is a meme auditing, it's inherently insecure compared to FreeBSD.
I use FreeBSD. Running my shit in jails keeps my mind at ease.
Good, there is no FBI backdoor in FreeBSD like there is with OpenBSD.
also celebrating my first 90 days of uptime
nice meme kiddo
fuck off OpenBSD shill, you put a backdoor in OpenBSD and made it even more insecure. FreeBSD is safe from the FBI backdoor planted by the entire team in OpenBSD.
OpenBSD is a meme OS
fucking this, FreeBSD is superior to OpenMEMESD in every way. FreeBSD has jails, lacks an FBI backdoor, and is far more secure than the meme auditing.
also it has drivers and without FreeBSD OpenBSD would have zero drivers.
kek, what kind of faggot would even use OpenMEMESD. It doesn't even have jails.
Awesome, you're fully immune to OpenFBISD backdoors.
he fell for the zfs meme
holy fuck could you be trying any harder
OS Xthe only BSD that matters
fuck off OpenBSD shill, I won't use your FBI backdoored OS that has no security. I'm safe from you fucks using FreeBSD.
4 posts in a row of the same shitreally sad
OS X also works too, It has no backdoors in it, unlike OpenBSD.
damage control
lol you're not even saying anything
I'm letting people know that OpenBSD has a backdoor you planted, I'm doing them a favor.
OpenBSD is shit, deal with it
with an article that says theres no backdoor, pretty good baitdont you have anything better to do
Meanwhile I get muted for posting a winkie face. Report me for /global/rules/8 because the mods suck shit today and so do the captchas.I am disappointed.
seeOpenBSD is a piece of shit meme that lacks modern features like jails and has meme auditing. It even comes with a backdoor planted by the FBI, shill harder.
look i can edit html
at least you finally updated your tactics afterv being called out on it yesterday
anyone with common sense would know how much of a meme OpenBSD is. FreeBSD has no FBI backdoors, but OpenBSD does. The mere accusation is enough evidence that there is a backdoor in this day and age.
PSA: FreeBSD 10.2p8 released 2 days ago.freebsd-update fetchfreebsd-update install
even angela is more entertaining and original lmao
I would much rather Angela than this garbage.
Tech Buy ThreadWhat tech are you buying?
mouse goes on the desk , not in the computer, just saying.
Ham radio
Telegraph poles.
Just bought Steelseries H wireless headset for $250. Comes with dedicated receiver, dual lith ion batteries. Amazing purchase.Inb4 hurrr gaymer headsetThey're great for all around general use headphones that arent susceptible to noise from other wireless frequencies and have amazing battery life. Not to mention EQ settings etc.
buying wireless headphonesbeing okay with bandwidth limiting your sample ratebeing this keked
Not everyone is an audiophile. I use it for gaming, anime, skype, and team speak. It is above amazing for all those things.If some audiophile company offered a crazy good set of headphones but wireless I'd look into them too. But none do.
It's because you can't make a "crazy good set of headphones" with bluetooth
bought new phone on Thursday the 3rdShipped First Class which is next daySaturday is a working dayMondayNo phoneBought a jacket on MondayShipped Second Class 2-3 days on Tuesdaynot here on MondayTHANKS ROYAL MAIL. Any of you /g/uys waiting/having your stuff stolen?
What? your phone must be fucking garbage if it was sent RM 1st class. They only insure up to £50.Any decent company would use DPD or RMSD.
iPhone 6 PluseBay vendorcould have gone with Argos click and collect implying I want to walk to ArgosI bet they'll use the floods as the excuse. Fuck RM.tfw have bought things in the past and they were sent by Yodel and Hermessomehow manages to be worse than RM
send check for ~$100,000 USD via US Postal Service Priority mailestimated delivery: two days laterover a week passes, it never gets scanned past mailpiece acceptancebullshit excuses about sometimes missing scansanother weekcontact USPS consumer affairssay it is regrettable that mailpieces are occasionally lost but since Priority mail is "not a guaranteed service" they won't refund anythingcall bank to cancel check, get new one re-issued, send via UPS Next Day Air insteadThey pull bullshit like this regularly too, and people wonder why they're broke as shit.
Christmas timeHigh volume of parcels and packages
implying that's a good excuseChristmas happens the same time every year. They should prepare for this bullshit.
OP hereTurns out they shipped it APCstill not heredoesn't even show on their systems
Buy a Blackberry Priv, comes the next day with mobile tracking alerts. Lovely. Great phone too.
Is this normal for 8gb of ram? I thought 8gb was enough? how the fuck am I at 64% usage with  9 tabs up? Do I need more ram?
privgoodnope
Bet ya Parcel Force is holding it hostage.
Hey /g/can you land a programming job preferably in Europe/could be US without school? How long does it take to do certificates for an average job and for a decent job.
can you land a programming job preferably in Europe without school? no, never happened. not once in the history of mankind. nuh-uh.
To see the shitty post that suck ass Basically post your best moments of /g/
Reminder
I have a computer running almost all the time to which I automatically weekly backup my laptop's home toIs there anything I can do to minimize the risks from not having it offline, e.g. make the folder read only on the other days of the week?
not automating your backups Kek
, 
How long do you think it will take until waifu AIs and capable hardware can be bought at Amazon?
How long do you think it will take until you will stop being such a massive faggot?
Until biological women stop existing. They will never allow themselves to be replaced with superior, artificial companions for men.
you're mum's inferior
No need to wait, the future is now on Windows 10.
bought at Amazon?Not compiling your own...

The Hard Problem will never be solved with silicon.
They will never allow themselves to be replaced with superior, artificial companions for menimplying that the decision on their replacements is on them and not the marketif you build them, they will buy it
implying it isn't already doing nuclear war simulations.
I want an AI to greet me when I come...Cant even have cats in my apartment so it be lonly sometimes
This. I want my computer to say "welcome home, master" every time I log in.
I beg to differ, this hard problem was solved with silicon last night
/threadWhy can't I hold all these sides?
How come most CS majors don't know shit about CS?
ooga booga wea da java inheritance at
they don't have time for video games
because most CS majors are smug fucks that think they're 1337 h4x0rs and all they do is find ways to cheat in their tests, rather than to solve a problem. They think that the internet has everything, so they don't have to learn the material right now and that when they get hired, they can just google it and learn it.
Because CS programs are glorified Java programming vocational schools.One of the seniors at my school seriously considered FizzBuzz to be an actual challenge. Like it's a test of your problem-solving skills, and not a way to weed out liars who are literally not programmers. He seemed to be really proud when he figured out how to programmatically print a pyramid using C++... What are people like this going to do when they try to actually get a job in software?
Web dev
A lot of schools have a really bad CS curriculum.  They learn enough to throw buzzwords around, but not enough to actually do anything.If I didn't do my own reading and work outside of school, I'd also be a fizzbuzz tier programmer.
They think that the internet has everything, so they don't have to learn the material right now and that when they get hired, they can just google it and learn it.And they are totally right.
They think that the internet has everything, so they don't have to learn the material right now and that when they get hired, they can just google it and learn it.Pretty much correct matey.
But that's not wrong
Are you trying to make me cry? Don't denounce the only skill I have in this cruel life.
I was a CompSci undergraduate and I can tell you from experience the vast majority of students were there because they felt it was an impressive path to take. Their former teachers were proud, their parents were proud, and they could avoid real-life momentarily by continuing education. They didn't have a true vested interest, they were just pressed by societal pressures.In my opinion if you get all the way to a university CompSci course and you're not at least slightly profficient with a language, then you're kidding yourself. You're completely lost and only a miracle will save you.
Because some people complained about the math so it was dumbed-down
who gives a fuck about cs lol. My employer doesnt give a fuck if i know CS or not
are you self employed?
most X majors don't know shit about X
They think that the internet has everything, so they don't have to learn the material right now and that when they get hired, they can just google it and learn it.But I am trying to learn it now, I don't want to waste anyone's time if I ever find a job in this field after college. Hell we don't have groups in our classes so we are basically forced to work alone and learn it.At least that's how they did it in the first year to weed out the people who weren't committed
underrated
 I spent $60,000 on my degree and anyone who hasn't made their own Lisp is a useless faggot.  I hack ruby and it runs like shit
retards go into compsci, smart people go into mathematics
At UChicago, the computer science professors are all math professors. The first language they teach you is Haskell.
Have fun teaching math at schools
sploosh
Because most people think CS == programming.
Enjoying your 25k plus tip?
Does your employer happen to be your mommy
worst part is when employers think that
My CS program is basically software engineering which I'm ok with, it'll help me get a job so I can probably fund myself to get into AI/Robotics
don't listen to him bud
Unless you do lots of math getting into AI will be hard
Really demoralizing to see people who can't think logically, can't program, can't understand even basic data structures, etc, being churned out of my alma mater.I'm pretty sure my degree is worthless by now.
hope you like statistics bub :^ CS major doing AI and it's fun.
at 95% of colleges computer science is just another word for software engineering, and doesn't even require calculus to take
advanced memorization institutionThat's why.  Schools/colleges/universities are fucking worthless for actual knowledge.  They just teach people how to memorize shit for an exam and that's it.
mate he's right, all the code monkeys that are too stupid to get hired as an actual dev go into web dev, it's literally the easiest thing in the world
so I can probably fund myself to get into AI/RoboticsPray tell. I'm interested.
your degree is only one factor though, just make sure you have a nice portfolio by the time you apply somewhere.
Well, I do, but I spent 3 years getting that degree, so I don't like to see it devalued to trash.
How come most CS majors don't know shit about CS?Because most "CS" isn't CS.  All of CS falls under mathematics.  But most CS programs are a mishmash of basic mathematics some graph theory, some logic, then a bunch of "practical" stuff that's actually vastly more important for the huge majority of future software makers.Aside from a relatively small portion of software engineers, you'll never have any need of any of your CS degree.  So long as you can recognize painfully obvious code like nested for loops, and pause to even think about it for a moment, maybe do some Googling, you will meet the majority of actual job requirements.Honestly, the most important and lacking abilities in software engineers I've seen have been the following:  1  Getting shit done.  An amazing number of people just can't fucking finish anything.  Whether they just can't wrap their head around it, can't focus, can't avoid premature optimization rabbit holes, etc, whatever, they can't fucking GET.  SHIT.  DONE.  2  Write software that they'll understand a year from now.  Most people write horrid godawful shit that nobody -- including themselves -- will understand in the future.  3  Being consistent.  People want to jump ship for something to save them from the perceived drudgery before they've even learned the prior technology to a reasonable degree.  They have depressive episodes and just don't show up.  They comment thoroughly in one place, and completely neglect another.  They're painfully inconsistent.By the way, a CRITICAL skill that people mysteriously discount is Googling ability.  Honestly, it's an actual skill in and of itself.  You don't just have to find your way to Stackoverflow, you have to understand the problem enough to come up with search terms, you have to process information and throw out the incorrect results, and you have to integrate the solution reasonably well.
Underrated post
well did you learn useful stuff there?I've been doing something alike CS here in Europe and the place is littered with gaymers and slackers and in some sense that might devalue the degree but as long as I learn useful and interesting stuff every day that's fine by me.I've also noticed that most of these gaymers don't take any interest in technology outside of school. When I go home I browse tech sites and board, and just soak up knowledge all evening. Since you're here I imagine you do the same and that gives you a big edge over all the other people that work in IT.
eh! i wouldn't completely agree desu. the pain induced by poorly implemented and at times intentionally crippled 'standards' far outweighs any other kind of development i've ever done.style bugs, display bugs, layout bugs, event handling bugs, object modelling bugs, ie6. and you have to accommodate all of them. ALL OF THEM.there are fucks out there with shit so old it's unbelievable; and they are your target. i imagine the ie6 problem isn't as bad anymore with the banishment of xp, but i'm guessing that void is filled with a slew of various mobile platforms nowadays.
yes that's true, web dev has developed to a point where it actually isn't that easy anymorethere's still plenty of room for bad developers though, especially at companies that cater small companies that need static websites
Because most schools are shit and have the same view of CS that many of the autists on here does "its about programman"Go to a top tier university and you won't have this problem.
yes that's true, web dev has developed to a point where it actually isn't that easy anymorenah it's gotten easier imo. ever since ie7 their standards compliance has been pretty good when using the strict doctype. css3 allows for less hackish layout markup and transitions wipe away the need for a large bulk of javascript.all desktop rendering engines have built in debug tools.asynchronous transfers are becoming a proper thing now as well.backend stuff was usually the easy part. controlled, documented, predictable. client side was the wild fucking westthere's still plenty of room for bad developers though, especially at companies that cater small companies that need static websitesstatic or dynamic, you can still commit absolute atrocities with both of them. the real issue with web dev is that even when you do something wrong, it'll still output something. usually with a flavoured bug from whatever browser it's tested in
Why is /g/ always saying this? Name me one school with a CS degree that doesn't require calc Community College & Meme Schools don't count
Exactly. Even my crappy school requires calc 2, matrices/linear algebra/stats. And most cs majors end up doing a minor in mathmatics, which is my plan.
I think this is a meme, at least of you intend to be a full stack web dev. Sure html + css is a joke. Sure php is shit easy to pick up. And yes, python is an easy lang and w django or flask youre all set.But actually making the above work together in a presentable functioning fashion? Takes some time
Well thats not too far off from schooling in general. We teach kids what to think, not how to think
My schools CS program is nothing special, and they need up to calc 3, linear alg, and stats along with discrete 1 and 2 Im in the IT program which has a lot of CS focus and even I have to take calc 1, stats as well as discrete 1. Then again my school is one of 30 in the nation to offer an ABET accredited IT program
Discrete 1 and 2*
ThisI've learned more when I was 14 ripping into tossed electronics than I have in the past 2 years
all these assumptions based on interactions with 1st or 2nd year CS majorsBy the time we graduate, we know a lot of useless shit about CS, trust me.
IE6Who says you have to support it? Just display an error message telling them to fuck off and get a browser that isn't fucking ancient.
Yet they have a higher chance of getting a job than someone with out a degree
Yea I'm currently a junior right now studying Math on the sideNice! just curious, what books would recommend for learning Stats?Plan is to get a good paying job after graduation and save up enough for a good grad school for either AI or Robotics
Because CS programs are glorified Java programming vocational schools.Not if you go to a real school nerd
Well if you want to go uphill with c++ all your life to get over $100k when you're 50, then have fun. That's why people go into web dev. It's a low hanging fruit
, 
Should i switch to C++ after 2 years of Java?
learning Java before C++
thisAlso, you don't "switch" languages. You learn additional languages.
Goodlook learning networking,database  programming,GUI ...etc in C++ were to make a window you gotta waste a week remembering the classes/functions etc..Java is superior language when it comes to learning.
switch
If you appreciate having access to the proper compilers you'll hate "Switching" to C++ from Java. You'll need to have Visual Studio to stay caught up, maybe some other IDE/Compiler. Currently, I'm considering working on Java stuff because my linux distro doesn't support anything newer than 4.7.3 and that means I don't get to mess with regex which is what I want to use at the moment because fuck having to load images on a shitty 4g connection.Alright sorry about that rant. If you do decide to switch just keep to the local machine with it and use Java for scraping/accessing remote data.
ThisLearn the language, standard libraries, best practices, common environments and tools. Really, dev should know atleast one unmanaged language, one managed and one interpreted one
networkingthis is piss easy in C much less C++.database programmingC# is objectively the superior language for this.GUIYeah, enjoy learning nothing about MVC, MVVM or any other relevant design pattern. Keep your training wheels on, bud.
switchjavai think you should find a new hobby
, 
Hello /g/.What is the best smartphone,and why is it the BlackBerry Passport?
i wish it had a snapchat app.
I don't know actually. I'm trying to decide if it's for me - I've been with android since g1
, 
HOLY FUCKING SHIT THEY DIDN'T JUST DO THAT, DID THEY?
do what?you mean that meme frog from Tumblr?
Pepes are becoming normies... He must feel good to not be a weird fat neckbeard anymore. He got out of his depressing life while your still in yours
Well meme'd my friend : ^ 
Yeah, I fucking hate it.it's gonna be everywhere soon
facebook is the anti-thesis of 4chan
gonna beopen your eyes, it's everywhere already.
Pepe is a facebook meme now. Is this supposed to be news?
I've seen it multiple times on other people's phones....but until I see it on the telly, I won't count it as famous. Nice projection.
it has already been on the television.jesus did you think you can keep your super secret memes for yourself when you spam it everywhere and like 90% of the people on 4chan are underage retards?
To give you an idea, this was on Taiwanese news.
I thought you were talking about the video itself, which is disturbingbut you were just talking about memes...
Where?I was hating it since I first saw it on /fit/ in 2013.. I know it's a lot older than that, but ever since then it begun getting more and more popular...Hell, even the future POTUS tweeted a pepe of himself...Oh, so this is where this .webm was from!both are disturbing mate
fucking circlejerk fags with their "le rare pepe xDD" and other shit made this meme die to the normiesit should have stayed as reaction meme
wow i mean even tumblr is post-pepe these days.
Fucking meme hipster! Did you crawl out out of a vinyl record store with your collection of rage comics you scumbag?!
Is this your first meme to go mainstream faggots?
but until I see it on the telly, I won't count it as famous.
ironic that they complain about money being stolen when theyre copyright infringing with that frog
They catch on to the shit memes and not even realize where they're from. Fucking normies ruining everything again...
why do you even care? you cant post pepes on 4chan anymore, it will derail the whole thread
They are emoticons on twitch.tv now. It will spread to the normies.
 tfw pepe's social life and mine are evolving at the same time, in the same wayFeels good not to be a social reject anymore, but i'm a bit worried about the futureWhat if tumblr makes a trans pepe
All i get from this video is that these talentless youtube 'content creators' are getting no money for making worthless videos.That is the way it should be and I hope more and more of these videos are stolen so that these 'content creators' will die of starvation or at least get a real job.
tfw noone notices Tom Turbo
they also  referenced quake 3 impressive in the videoi dont see what the big deal is, pepe is now what trollface was 7-8 years ago.
pepe has been reddit for months now, senpai/g/ is always so far behind with their meme game
that meme frog from 4chan
What the fuck is that thing
Pepina
They stole our memes !?!? nooo

holy shit
So content creators can only have a "real job" by sucking dick and working slave wages for big firms that do the same content and then pimp it for the same ad money?ebin m8.
Lost millions of YouTube views to Facebook and vine. Only got 210k as of now on my channel. Not to mention thanks to YouTube red my video is not viewable in USA my primary demographc
I can relate except everything i do is original 2d animator. I've found so many god damn reuploads of my videos on fagbook, and they take days to take shit down after the views already did the damage and have more shares than my originals which get 200k-3 million views on average.
it's already everywhere...
Makes me lose interest in producing content anymore
fucking ARM shitty thingWhat do you think about this one?Its 15$
Allwinner processorOpen sourcehaaaaahahahahahaha. The fact they choose these locked down processors broadcom, allwinner, samsung exynos shows that these people don't give a shit about open source, they just want da cash. It's even possible that thes might have some spy modules in the SoC. ARM is a nice arcitechture though, don't talk about things you don't know about OP, you are making yourself look like a moron.
Nothing first about this shit. Just another PI clone, like the 100 others out there. Price is what one would expect for chinese slave-made tech.
Why is everyone using Allwinner SoCs? Freescale would be a better choice.
some of the parts are free software and others are nonfree, ill just call the whole thing "open source" so people will trust it :This meme needs to end
Mali-400 MP2 and only 1GB of RAM maxgamingPick oneOtherwise the 4-core A53 CPU is breddy gud. Should be enough to decode 720p HEVC in software mode.
ARMGaming
Evening, gents. I last posted when we had those waifubot threads a while back. Anyway, I am posting a bit of a write-up I did on the progress of a waifu simulation project myself and another anon have been working on. In it, I discuss what we're trying to accomplish, what we've done, what we learned so far, and what we need help with/where to from here. Full write-up hosted here: do give it a read.tl;dr: We are working on a free, open-source waifu simulation software suite. It's a hard project. We would like some input and/or help from the community.We have an IRC channel on Rizon, where discussion mainly stays on topic and nobody strokes their ego all over the place. Please discuss and feel free to ask for clarification on anything. Pic not related.
Sounds cool but do you have a logo?
DESIGNATED
Let me guessNobody involved in this project has any higher knowledge on AI and Language
shut up
SHITTING
needing AI and language processing skills to have a female synth say "Hello [name], are you ready to sex? [y/n]" because that's all /g/ would need from a robot waifu
Come on and see for yourself!
class="quote"hey guys why don't we just, like, make a game with natural language recognition and waifus that synthesize speech with an AI capable of PRODUCING natural languageidea guy: the post: the document
AI capable of PRODUCING natural languageHave you read about ? It's not that hard to generate sentences that fool someone into thinking that they are written by a real person.
Depends on what you mean by "higher knowledge." Are any of us computation linguists or AI researchers? No. Do we read the read the literature and constantly explore NLP and AI techniques and algorithms and their implementations? Yes. That makes up the majority of the IRC chat actually, because there's so damn much out in terms of tool kits, frameworks, libraries, papers, you name it.I wouldn't simplify that far but yes, our primary goal is in user experience, not in creating an impressive artificial intelligence.
Nigger that shit was written by a postdoc who has an entire award dedicated to him over the course of two yearsand even then it only worked in specific contexts
ELIZA is designed to do one thing, that is, masquerade as a psychotherapist, and it doesn't even do it well.Not really relevant. ELIZA-type chatbots as well as Markov-chain based gibberish bots have been deprecated by better approaches and algorithms countless times over in the decades after their introductions.
It was 1966. In 2015 you can get one of dozens of working versions of ELIZA from github, e.g. , replace the dialog patterns and enjoy your new, custom chat bot.If editing a 1001-liner in JS is something that requires a Phd, your Phds are very weak.
better approaches and algorithms countless times over in the decades after their introductions.Feel free to contribute, anon!We need your help.
Poo in the loo
This isn't a waifu simulation, you're making a doll creator.You can't waifu a doll.
Could you elaborate please? We are open to criticism, but it should be constructive.
Care to elaborate? Another goal of mine in making this thread was to hear what people think a waifu simulation is/should be. Yes, it is an interactive doll creator in a sense. You can't waifu a dollThen we must disagree somewhere fundamentally about what a waifu is/what can be waifu'd.
A waifu has to be somebody else's creation.. You can't create something with aspects that are greater than you.  Your creation will always be a subset of yourself, and that's not a waifu.  She can't exceed your expectations of what a person is.  She can't surprise you.  You discover your waifu, you don't make her.  Anything you make for your own needs is just a doll.
This is why I was talking about pseudorandomly branching dialog trees back in the waifubot thread. That way, anyone can contribute prefab dialog segments to the conversation repo, and tag them by topic, atmosphere, etc. Then you just clone in the "tsun" tree, or the "yandere" tree, depending on what you want her personality to be like, but with the random branching it will still allow for surprises even if you find yourself "reading" your own work.
That would certainly be the case if you hard-coded every line of dialogue and animation she had. The classic "You can't tickle yourself" problem. Our dialogue model is procedural too, btw. Actually, allowing full end-user customization is how we intended to skirt that issue. Not only can you customize your "doll" 100% if you wanted to, you are free to install any number of mods and custom parts from other users. Thus, someone else, maybe a professional artist or designer, or a clever writer, or an experienced animator can create content that would surprise you.
BTW, both of us devs are posting in the thread but not coordinating responses between us. We don't have a dedicated PR person, we just both want to speak our minds about what we're doing and our own approaches to things.
Just don't use the word "waifu" if you don't understand the term.
Have you invented any new technologies or strategies yet? I'd like to see a whitepaper on them if you have. A working piece of software would be good too.
hope you get your bleach waifu some day
Hey. Sirius anon here. I'm still working on pipelining it with a bunch of other stuff. I'll let you know when I have something noteworthy.
Invented? I wish. No, right now, for expediency among other things, we are looking into using "off the shelf" software wherever possible. Things like speech recognition, speech synthesis, and other NLP-related aspects have huge amounts of resources available; we have not come close to discovering or evaluating all of them yet. If I had to list one thing that would set the project apart from other games or sims that have come before would be if we can successfully integrate into our project and implement dynamic animation through it. Sitting in seats, grasping teacups, holding hands especially through a razer hydra type controller, that sort of thing. I do not believe anyone has seriously attempted that yet.
What about using to develop behaviors for NPCs?is a pretty good article on how it works.
lel I remember this back in the day.environmentThis is a lot easier than you're making it out to be.In fact, dozens of times easier than making a character.Perhaps there is more work cut out for you detail is directly correlated to aesthetics in regards to environments, rather than the inverse for less realistic stylized characters, but it is most certainly easier for an un-artistic weeblord to create an environment than it is for the same person to create a character.An environment after all, has much less stringent aesthetic requirements than characters do.Picture related. Made it in a couple of hours. It doesn't look incredibly mountainy but I doubt anyone actually gave a shit.
You can kind of see it here, but Urho3d ships with a demo heightmapped terrain. The middle finger is not directed at you, had it lying around from experiments with the engine. We are looking for an interior, to model interpersonal and waifu - environment interaction. No, it isn't that hard and we can whip up some more programmer art but it would be cool to have an artist/modeller on board.
forgot pic
looks like a shitty alien
Thanks, got it from a free asset site though. The hair and clothes meshes were imported separately and aren't in that pic.
Took a look at the featurelist. In terms of graphical features, it's rather basic. Programmer toolchain is rather impressive though.Poor lighting may bite you in the ass; among other things materials, lighting is one of the most important features an engine needs to have in order to have a modern aesthetic a la the Liru hentai game.
Why not play Artificial Academy?
4chan decided not to include my webm for some reason.
To be fair, seismic's stuff is pretty damn pro. It is also not-realtime and heavily post-processed. But yeah, a lot of NPR, cel-shaded, etc. stuff is done with shaders with self illumination and don't respond to dynamic/ambient lighting but I'll admit I have not looked too closely into that.
oh fuck!translation where?!!!
/h/ says"95% translated"Seismic is going to ship the game with an English translation. That doesn't say anything about its release date; the renders are apparently nowhere near done.I'm more worried about materials than anything else, really.Without downloading the engine I can't be sure about what is actually possible.
thank you, cuzill go to /h/ and see whats up
I am familiar with the Sirius software suite, very cool stuff and similar to what we are doing. How are you involved with it?
supporting the botnet
thinking you can escape the botnet
Whatever you do, please release it under GPLv3.
This will very likely be vaporware because you're making too many obstacles for yourselfFor example: No one cares whether or not your assets are stolen if you don't charge moneyAnd also stuff like voice recognition and lip syncing are very advanced features - not something beginners should tryFurthermore you seem to be using a meme engine that nobody else usesPeople either use Unity / Unreal / CryEngine and they won't be interested in helping out if they have to learn some obscure engine for itSo what I recommend is: Just steal everything, put it in Unity, and get working on actual game play
We have an IRC channel on RizonChannel name?
This guy is incredible.  Really really talented.  He just use 4 types of pen.  Is only 20 and unemployed.  Jap's neet is insane.リウイチ お絵描きメイキング動画 13:09 
#simwaifu @ Rizon
Unity / Unreal / CryEngineThese are the real meme engines.
I wonder if it would be better to start off with something like a desktop pet so you can nail down the chatbot part first.
They're real meme engines with real lighting capabilities, real materials, and real programmer toolchains.To not consider a game engine just because it's ``closed source" is asinine. The licensing options are incredibly flexible.The only engine you might not be able to use is CryENGINE because they don't approve of porn.
What's the currently best plug-ins for private browsing?
decentraleyes - loads jquery, angularjs, and other frameworks locally instead of through google and shit- force ssl when availableublock origin - block ads and other tracking shit
Any /g/entlemen with a virtual private server?What do you use yours for? What's installed? OS?
Also, how much do you pay per month?
ArchMurmur, LAMP stack, IRCFree
i have a bunch of servers. debian on all of 'em.running shitty websites, teamspeak servers for friends, minecraft servers for friends, torrents, a tracker, firefox syncnginx for web stuff because apache is a shit
Some cheap VPS for script testing purposes, game servers, and Mainly TeamSpeak.I pay $3/m
1. devbox with tmux and vim over ssh, ubuntu 14.042. web server with nginx, postgres, debian stable3. teamspeak and ftp server, debian testingAlso some windows servers but I power them on only on demand.
$60 a month, running deb 7I host game servers
you should use Mumble like this nerd 
ubuntuteamspeak / mumble on some shitty cloudatcost server
Debian, nginx affectionately pronounced nigger nix, Mono and a web framework I wrote myself. It's for a personal website to make me more attractive to employers, has a forum and a WordPress-like front page, but I wrote it all myself. Programmers who use WordPress don't deserve jobs.5 dollars a month. It's the cheapest in my country, I wouldn't buy one from overseas in case someone thinks the site is slow because the software is shit and not because it's coming from overseas. No, I don't expect hr people to press f12 and check how long nginx takes to load, in fact I'm sceptical hr even care that I wrote my own backend.
Kimsufi with Centos 7. openvpn, transmission fot /t/ only, i have a dedi seedbox as main.Also, how do you add rtorrent to vestacp ? all guides online are outdated, i can't get installed, could someone help ?
$12/yeargentooftp serverchicago vps is the provider
1 VPS, running Debian, web scraper and Cassandra database1 dedicated server running multiple Debian VMs for e-mail, file sharing, torrents, IRC server, websites, game server
vpsbeing that poor
free vps from vps.meto impres pooinloo's and ameriburgers with my wordpress / laravel / node.js skillz
apache is a shitsadface.jpg
Any /g/entlemen with a virtual private server?Basically everybody with a drop of technical knowledge have at least a 5$ DO droplet. Most people upgrade to dedis pretty quick though. What do you use yours for? What's installed? OS?I have a whole bunch. All Debian. -seedbox-other seedbox-postfix/dovecot/roundcube-mediawiki, munin, prosody-owncloud
Missed the "how much do you pay" part. DigitalOcean 5$ droplets are good for little things that can go down time to time. Their network isn't super reliable. Linode 10$ and 20$ are great for things that have to stay up. Super stable, great link. Things like email or websites. I use Vultr $8 for owncloud, they're nice. Pretty average, but they're close to me geographically so I get nice ping. Online.net is good for an entry level dedi ~15€ iirc for a 1TB. Good for seedboxes. OVH and Hetzner are good for more hardcore seedboxes/dedis. I pay 60$ at hetzner for a dedi with 6TB storage so I can seed all my crap forever.
Owncloud, websites, irc bot, irc bouncer
~20usd/momainly seedbox/plex/mumble/znc
~14 USD per year from RamNode irssi, XDCC bot, small static website, proxyKimsufi KS-1 imageboard, seedbox, Hentai@Home, mumble~2.47 €/month Online.net dedicated various fiddling and playing around, was a limited edition offer which I'm keeping just because it's a pretty good price for gigabit unmeteredDigitalOcean 5 €/month from the free Github credits, just using it for Hentai@Home3 €/year Japan proxy from LowEndSpirit
cool website ben
I have a dual Xeon colo I get cheap since I used to work for the provider.Debiannginx with a few static sites and a bunch of stuff reverse-proxiedIPFS nodeTor middle relaybittorrent clientftpdremote dev boxpersistent IRC client
best thing ive seen all daythank u so much ben
Thanks
I have one partly because think it's cool to have a computer powered on that you can connect to at any time. Running as a file host atm.Here's a question though, I connect the vps to my vpn PIA, will I still be able to ssh into it, as the IP will have changed?
Use I found recently:hotel wifi was too slow for streamingI vnc'd into my vps  able to watch videos at 480p in the vnc window with no issue. Maybe I was getting ~20fps instead of 30 with occasional dropped frames, still was watchable though.
Seedboxs mostlyUbuntu server 14 LTSalso a Suppengineer in a major VPS company
not having 10Gig up/down seedbox vps
are 3€/year vps with 256mb ram and shit worth the money? I mean sure they are but won't I get really limited with the stuff I can do with it? All I want to host is a html file anyway.
they are fun to toy with at the very leastyou can get a free 30 days VPS / 8$ from a variety of companies.clubvps=30days free - think about it, you can put up 50 machines, with 50 cpus, with 1tb each, w ith 32gb ram, for less than 2$
Yea, an SSD 3gb ram server ramnode.40 amonth.LEMP stack with varnish cacheRuns my porn site.
how much do you make
$400 a month from the ads, $1500 from the patreon linked on it.
Digital Ocean is GOATAmazing support. Tons of step by step articles if you are a clueless retard. Starts at $5/monthEasy settings, backups and imagingNon cluster fuck interface looking at you AWSI use it for developing. Put my remote API's on there so I can test over real network.
Free VPS from work for testing purposes, gonna install mumble on it too one of these days.Paid VPS with 2gb ram, running CentOs. Primarily used as a mailserver and to host some websites right now.
What is the best version of Android? Why isn't it 4.4.4
Because security exploits and slow buggy software doesn't make you good.
Imo Anything 4.4+ haven't tried 6.0 yet though
5.1because its better than 4.4.4
security exploitsCell phones are never secure.
Nice retard logic there. Enjoy sitting on known security exploits that are fixed in later versions because of your stupidity.
The latest 4.4.2 came out in October
Security exploitsWhich ones? Stagefright is fixed in CM11
5.1.16.0 after patching
Lol lollipop breaks so many xposed modules and material design looks like ass.
Marshmallow /thread
Only used Gingerbread and currently using Lollipop and hating every moment of it
What does KK have over JB or even ICS for that matter?
But 6.0 is much better than 4.4.4
4.4.x  6.0  5.xLollipop a shit
Jelly bean, to be honest, shaking my head,  family. I came from gingerbread and recently got a new phone with jelly bean. Really pleased.It's supposedly "lighter" doesn't explain why the kitkat roms for my old phone were lagging compared to the jelly bean roms.supports NFC payments, too.
it looks like butt
Op here. I honestly think anything 4.X  allNew android is way too locked down.
Fake OP
So I just got a Mac and apparently you can't even set a separate disk encryption password to your login password. Bravo Apple.
When will you buy an iPhone?

Spend more! You must spend more!
fixed the filename for you
Go back to sucking ghost-jobs cock. How much was the seance adapter for your lightning port?
$10.00a-android isn't for poorfags!lel
You're trying too hard buddy. Back to /plebbit/ you go.
Le apple revolutionary light and thin :now just have to carry around 5 $139 adapters to replace functionality other manufacturers include for free :
Spends more money for inferior specs and a fischer price OS.
muh specseven with 8 cores. ouch. but it's just samsung's fault, not androids. :^
$19,000.00I guess Android users must all be richfags now :^
literally waits months after other manufacturers release their models to make theirs slightly faster. totes legit, best get back to that premium shit sale going on at the Apple store. I hear they might run out of "s" bags!
lmfao i actually own this phone cause I'm a webdevfag and own tons of shit phones for testing.for 10 bucks its fucking great desu. but i get that phones are a status symbol. it would be like if you could buy a car for $300 with a top speed of 70mph and good gas mileage. its the obvious economic choice but you'll get made fun of by yuppies.
Android is for people who appreciate choice.Yes, $10 Android phones are available today. In fact, much better Android phones were available a few days ago for the same price, seen here:fact of the matter is that an unthinkably huge number of permutations of hardware run Android, and it allows its users an amount of choice never before experienced in the world of cellular telephones. Users who want to spend only $10 can purchase the LG Sunrise or Moto E on sale, Users who wish to spend $90 can purchase the Moto E off-sale, or users that want to spend $170 can purchase the Moto G, users who wish to spend more than that have more options than I could hope to list here.So you're right, Android is for poorfags, and middleclassfags and richfags, and people who wish to choose their own hardware, and people who don't consider themselves smartphone enthusiasts and everybody in between.Android is inclusive, it accommodates, and it abides. And regardless of your social status, you stand to gain a lot from it.
For $10? Looks like a good deal.Would use it as a portable leech with a 32GB USB.Too bad this phone never will be sold where i live.
So... Now you're making fake $10 by erasing a zero from a $100 bank note?
We at ars have confirmed that the $10 phone is better than nothing. And that includes being better than the iPhone.Get rekt
Android is for poor fagsop poor fag because he spends all his money on stupid shit.
These sort of reviews always rub me the wrong way.It's a fucking phone, for $10.They bought a fucking ARM computer for $10 that comes with a screen, wifi, 4G modem, microphone, a battery and a bunch of other shit for literally pocket change.The review itself reads like a mercedes owner reviewing a used honda.yeah, it has 4 wheels and an engine, i guess it could be considered a "car" LOLstupid spoiled millennial brats
you do know android isn't stuck on one severely obsolete device, unlike a certain fruit branded device?
It's not even the cheapest, you can get the vastly better Alcatel one touch for like 5 bucks right now at Krogers
If I were to buy a few, what would be worthwhile use of these $10 phones?
chromecast remote maybe? drug dealer phone? super duper backup phone? Decoy phone against muggers?
WHAT'S IT LIKE USING IOSHIT THE POORFAG OS ON $1 PHONES
They aren't taking enough of my wagekuck bux back!I know you aren't self-employed because you're a Mac fag. This company you like literally releases the same technology but with new numbers and letters. And fools actually buy them.
Crack wifi and download stuff.Clover, nigger decoy tool, etc.
literally waits months after other manufacturers release their models to make theirs slightly faster.And it was just a CPU clock increase which was wholly thanks to Samsung, and TSMC, reducing their process.
Truth. It's a phone. You can use it to communicate with other people, not just watch porn in the john.
being this poordon't get so worked up, you might smash your thinkpad and then you'll have to wait for next month's government check before you can shitpost and watch animu again.
not buying this phoneHow does it feel to be poor ifags
he'll be fine if he breaks it. mommy and daddy will by him a new one for christmas
can it run gentoo?
le le le/reddit/
Are you mad because you have run out of food stamps
3.8inch 480x320 display1.2ghz dualcore snapdragon 200512mb of ram3mp cameraarticle says its straight out of 2007Wow what a bunch of shitters. In 2007 we barely had 600mhz single cores and 128mb of ram. For comparison my Xperia go I bought in 2012:3.5 inch 480x320 display1.0 ghz dual core Nova Thor512mb of ram5Mp camera that was actually quite decent200€ for this impermeabile phoneThis runs 4.4 vs mine that ran 4.1. It even holds more battery and has better specs. Fuck off reviewers I used worse hardware than that up until 8 months ago. Minus the shitty screen and the camera, this phone is better than what I had. This reviewer is so full of shit
I'm a richfag, make a total annual income of about 50,000, and I still use Android over Apple mostly because it's better when it comes to user interface and it allows more people to access such luxury instead of catering to a bunch of rich niggers.
Yeah, it's basically a phone we would have bought 5 years ago for $200 and now it's $10.Absolute madmen.
where can I as an euro get in on this $10 phone magic? cheapest phones here start at $50.
implying that cheap price is a bad thing
$10 phone still has removable battery, microSD slotWhy can't flagships?
wasting money on shiny phones instead of buying real hardwareshiggydiggy
Quit trying to defend your buyer's remorse
better than what i had earlier this year
My 5 year old Galaxy W has slighty better specs
I like it, seems cheap and cheerful. I thought my Lumia 435 was cheap..
Would be pretty decent for a travel phone, if anyone in /g/ actually does travel.
2015still does not understand oem licensingnobody wants to use this phone if they can get more, just like the $100 new windows laptops etc
so, how does it perform next to apples' $10 phone?oh wait
It's prepaid, you don't pay for it with monthly fees.
$50,000RichfagI've walked out of an interview because they were only offering $70,000.
He's rich for an androne is what he's saying.
The iphone only has one button to control everything, it's shit, not to mention the cables literally cost 500% more for what is effectively the same thing
Anon I'm sure you're worth more than 70,000 pesos
I have had a few android phones since 2008, but I like my iPhone more
This guy gets it! Bravo Sir .
Why bother with choice when the Nexus line contains the only Android phones worth owning.You're wasting your time with any other Android brand.inb4 poo in the loo shills defending their shitty brand
Here's a snap from my around the world honeymoon.
media.tumblr.comsure, anon
pls halp
Grocery Stores?
4Gwow, that's actually impressive
they dont sell cells here
this. i was looking at the specs and i can't believe this is so cheap. where i live a 4gb microsd alone is almost 5€
This. They are made for tech illiterate fools, to extract as much money as possible. These people don't know shit about tech and where to search for alternatives, so they keep buying these shitty phones every 2 years and do not care about how much they are being ripped off.
I think only ZTE could pull of the dirt cheap phones. I bought a few different models for around $10-$20AUD each and they're all perfectly adequate for web browsing and social media crap the majority of smartphone users use their phones for.
Have you guys ever drank that 700$ scotch, looool its so much better than the 10$ scotch.No shit sherlock.
I hate Applel and to an even greater extent, their customers so much that I'd go without a phone before I'd carry one of those fuccboi things.
better than nothing but not by muchWhat a load if shit. A fully functioning **mobile** phone for $10 is amazing.
The entire article is full of the same retarded shit. "Can you really call it designed?" Why yes, you stupid niggers, someone had to design it for the man-made item to exist.
Why do Android shills always lose their shit?
"le it's cheap so it's bad", the ultimate memeusing term "poorfag" in your argument, everlol, what a loser! Either you are just a kid or you're trying too hard to provoke.Also, who reviews a $10 phone? It's basically a burner phone. Even if it's bricked, you have a $10 black mirror and phone battery and parts.
Just shows how desperate the smartphone industry currently is.These reviewers aren't doing this for free, they're getting their money from somewhere.It's sad they said this came "straight out of 2007". The specs are around 2010-2011 tier flagship, which is fucking amazing for $10.
Step it up OP
hey cool thats like 20c american
Show me a single place you can get a Moto E off-contract for $10.if it's on the internet it must be true
This, the phone kind of reminds me of pic related. People trash it and laugh until their bloodshot about 'bad' it is, but it's relative though isn't it?This car will get you and your family from A to B and will do so for a very low price, that phone will make phone calls and keep you updated on Facebook for an extremely low price.Alsolel was this even designed!?Yes, I'd wager building something down to such a low price is harder than building a phone with no limit to it's price.
The iphone only has one buttonThat's one more than the Nexus 5X
CDMAIDS:^

You could at BestBuy when it was Black Friday. In fact all those prices are from Black Friday.
where can I get a $10 moto E in europe?
Source: from BestBuy.com on Black Friday to my desk today you knucklehead
Why are they talking so much shit about this? It's a fully functioning Android phone for 10 fucking dollars.
How many devices in your Perk farm?4 here.
Same, two of those and two $5 ParagonsMade a whopping $12.50 in the last five days which means my $30 investment will pay off very soon!
Apple shills.
$10 for a smart phone? That's actually really impressive senpai. What if you wanted an extra device to play music, store files, test apps or simply use as a backup?
a functional phone for the price of an apple peripheralWhere's the problem again
Yes, I'd wager building something down to such a low price is harder than building a phone with no limit to it's price.Definitely.You can only look like an idiot or a cheapskate if you complain about anything for that price I'm talking about both Lada Riva and any $10 smart phone.
They can, LG V10
Because they're modern, and not outdated like this piece of shit phone ;^
For only 10 dollars, that thing will be shit at almost all of these. Still, smartphones becomming so cheap is great. While I don't mind spending 600-700 bucks on a new phone ever 1 or 2 years, it is no longer necessary to spend that amount on a phone anymore. Give it one or two more years and we'll see pretty decent quadcore / 720p-1080p phones for under 100 bucks.
When will you buy an iPhone?When they open-source the OS on it give me root access to the hardware I've paid for.
For only 10 dollars, that thing will be shit at almost all of theseDidn't have a problem doing those things 4 years ago when flagships had the specs of that $10 phone.Stop underestimating it just because of the price.
shit at almost all of thesehas microSD for music and file storagecan play music just like anything elseif you brick it, oh well, $10 wastedShill or underage?
My Moto E's bug the shit out of me because my phone is a Galaxy S3.It's got similar specs except for a 720p screen instead of 540p, a better camera and a removable battery. I paid $150 for it. But the really painful part is the 15x more expensive phone FEELS much, much worse in the hand. I can't believe how much I like holding the Moto E, the texture weight and shape of it compared to this slippery feathery fucker.
When will you buy an iPhone?When I can remove the battery.
Eh I'm pretty tempted to buy an iPhone 5s to replace my business phone.Oh you're just baiting? Yeah ok. I don't know how people can settle for $10 fucking phones. The user experience must be agony.
kinda jelly with Americantfw really want gps and dashcam for cheap
For only 10 dollars, that thing will be shit at almost all of theseI got ton of these cheap phones at work for free with almost any bigger order like with every laptop or printer and use them for a few days as main phone out of pure curiosity.To be honest I'm quite impressed with all of them. They can do anything high end phone can just in less glamorous way.
tfw I got a moto e for $10 on black Friday
waaaaaaaaaa a $10 smartphone can't compete with a iphone 6s or whatever high end android phone exist at the timeIt's amazing that you can now buy something that can do all needed basic task phone, text, email, and browser for ten fucking dollars. What a shitty clickbait article.
10 pucks? I might buy it just because it's so damned cheap. Guess it's a great party/sports device.
I wouldn't, a dashcam that uses such a low grade camera is next to useless
inb4 poo in the loo shills defending their shitty brandNo one mentioned windows phone though.
pls halp me get a moto e for $10
You can, it literally takes 4 minutes to change the battery.Are you such a kek that you can't use a screwdriver?
Literally takes 4 seconds on a Samsung before they ruined them this gen.I keep a battery in a charger and flip between them instead of ever plugging in the phone.
Simple, go back in time to November 26 2015.
if that's your phone, good taste in music m8.  i've always wanted the n9 but ended up getting an n8 for 50$.not a bad phone, just wish the os was a little bit more streamlined.
The best thing about going for android is the variety in choice. You can get a shitty 10 dollar phone which by the way is still functional for what most iFags need anyway, but you can get high end flagships or higher end luxury models or mid rangers all with OS tweaks and UI idiosyncrasies which fit your individual needs, you can even get android phones which actually mimic iOS for a fraction of the price of an iPhone. There is no reason to sell your soul to Apple. Also Samsung doesn't count as a good example of an android brand.
Bought one and traded it in to Verizon for $300. Worked well.
Verizon
T-MobileAT&TSprint
Do you enjoy overpaying for mobile data?
Could this work for Sprint?
poorfagsI honestly don't know anyone with money who got that money or held on to having a decent amount of money by being frivolous.A modern phone for $10 is pretty cool.
No. Verizon had trade in deal for $300 for any working smartphone and these $10 burner phones still applied.
Feg
I've went through three of these phones so far. I work construction and went through seven destroyed iphones before I switched to the LG Sunrise. Spending just another 10$ on a new phone instead of 100$+ to repair or replace the iphones just makes a lot more financial sense to me.
tfw still keep my N9 around as a music player tfw that song came preloaded with the phone and got me into El Ten ElevenI can't wait for Nokia to reenter the market. I have such a big erection for 2016
"upgraded" from my old shit smartphone I got off my mom to the moto E BF deal. I can't believe how nice it is just compared to the other smartphone. I mean, I wouldn't mind a little more internal space but 1gb of ram is doing OK and the whole package is pretty lagless. Only thing I wish it did better was the camera.After spending so much time watching reviews of phones where they nitpick everything, I figured the moto would be meh, but now I can't see how people justify dropping hundreds on a phone when this does everything those do more or less.
Nice essay. I'll give you a B+ for the effort. Oh and see me after class
The Pixi phone was literally a special at Dollar General.The store where everything is $1, including smartphones.
who /botnetfree/ here
No one.  If you are here, you are part of the botnet.No exception.
botnetfree reporting in
nice try to spread you shitty le haxx0r virus program. go kill your're selves
NSA has already infected your motherboard's UEFI with key logging and homecalling. You will get fucked even if you boot TAILS from a USB stick. That's why every motherboard uses UEFI now. They lure you in with all the "features" it offers but really you're getting cuc.ked by NSA.
windows "probably not"
using 4chan4chan runs on proprietary softwareusing a computerhardware has backdoors by your government in themNO ONE IS SAFE
win10 :^
There is no Stupid Q thread so I am making one.Everyone is free to ask their stupid questions here.I'll start:Is there any point to getting a USB3 Flashdrive if none of my usb ports are usb 3? Everyone talks about usb3 on external hdds and flashdrives to be faster, but how could it be faster if both sides aren't usb3?
Is there any reason to give a shit about mobo chipsets if you're not overclocking?USB 3.0 is backwards compatible with 2.0 but will only be as fast as 2.0 unless both ends are 3.0. Just get a 3.0 stick so it'll be faster when you upgrade.
Why.
seeOr just use a cloud storage device like Mega
Is there any reason to give a shit about mobo chipsets if you're not overclocking?No.  Not unless you need a specific feature, like RAID or a specific audio/lan/wifi/bt chipset, like if you're making a hackintosh build.
Related question: would it still be advantageous to use a usb 3.0 device with usb 2.0 ports? Does it max out the 2.0 interface?
I can't seem to figure out if you can control fans hooked up to a fan hub via PWM but power everything using the PSU... I don't want to draw too much power from the MOBO header...
It wouldn't work, the PWM provides data on how fast the fan is spinning that the source uses to regulate the speed of the fan. If the PWM sensor isn't providing the voltage it cannot control this.
the fans have a third line that carries a logic level switching signal that they apply to an onboard transistor though don't they? i don't think the mobo itself generates a 12v pwm signal.
I think you're right, PWM works by having a pulse that is separate from the voltage provide the control, right? It may well work.
I envisioned a setup where the hub is connected to the PSU for power and the motherboard header is connected to the hub but only for the signal the hub wouldn't draw any power from the mobo.
well the pwm starts out as a generated square wave that's at most 5 volt and has little ability to source current. at some point that signal is applied to a high speed transistor to switch a higher current supply. that could happen on the mobo or in the fan, but i assume it's the fan because that third wire has to do something.
Can I set up a RAMdisk for my windows install and use an hd/ssd for storage? Or will i have to dump the windows RAMdisk to HDD every shutdown because of settings files? Just the core OS, everything else besides essential apps would be installed on a separate drive.Or is a RAMdisk only usable after booting into OS?
Best resources for a person to learn Javascript through progressive projects? When I search it up, usually the projects are either too easy or too advanced, and I'm just looking for some progression so I can expand my knowledge at a constant pace instead of learning colossal chunks at a time for a project.
you mean this? this would probably work. if for whatever reason the mobo shuts off the signal if it doesn't detect that it's providing power, then all that'll happen is your fans run full speed all the time.it would be way easier to just hook all your case fans up to the same fan pins using a splitter. the mobo can probably source enough current to run 5 fans off one pin.if your case has a fan hub though, like on the enthoo pro, then the case's manual will tell you what to do with it.
Is there any point to getting a USB3 Flashdrive if none of my usb ports are usb 3?It might be cheaper per GB to get usb 3.  In the future you might get a usb3 computer.
Yeah that's pretty much it. If I get desperate I'll just run fans off the header. I just wanted to see if a fan hub would do this sort of thing. Thanks for the help so far.
How would I go about splicing together a two port USB cable for using a HDD on a Pi?Would it be hard? Do I run the risk of fucking my HDD? The HDD is also 3.0, so I assume I need to keep the data cable running on the 3.0 plug?
No matter what, my headphone audio jack just doesn't seem to want to work.I have Realtek, and I uninstalled and reinstalled, tried the front and rear audio jacks, i tried disabling my speakers, I tried using the standard default Windows sound drivers, i opened my computer and reattacked the cables for the front jack. I just don't know what to do anymoreRealtek detected the headphones and I've tried the headphones for other devices so I know neither are broken. I'm about to give up. I don't know what to do at this point.I'm using Windows 7 btw.
Just get whichever is cheaper / has better reviews. USB3 is fucking pointless for flash drives nowadays since the flash drives aren't even close to fast enough to saturate even USB2.
have you tried the different settings in this menu? i don't know shit about audio but it's given me issues before
How do I remove this dumb shit from my URL bar suggestions?
firefoxYou deserve it.
Using a botnet
Yeah, I tried that. Still doesn't seem to work.
You'd probably be changing the potential bottleneck from the drive to the port, yes.
No, it will run exactly at 2.0 speeds.
I need a Matx itx would do in a pinch Socket 1155 board that supports overclocking, and doesn't cost a fortune Where to look? Ebay is crazy overpriced Might have to just buy a h61 and live with stock clocks until Zen / next big Intel thing
On another note, I assume the reason my external HDD plug into my Pi spins up and then makes a loud clicking noise before spinning up again and repeating it is because it's not getting sufficient power?
Just buy one, they're cheap as from any of the Chink sites
Is there any way to adjust manually my laptop's brightness?It goes at max brightness and almost minimum every 10 sec. It's like fading , not instantly.Only used windows 8.1 with all of the updates and adjusting brightness via windows or by laptop's hotkeys doesnt work efficiently.Brightness is ok at bios.Gpu drivers also ok.Any hints? except installing w10 or gentoo i mean
Any reason you're opposed to installing gentoo?
I can't find any y-cables with the 10-pin male plug
I've been looking into ereaders and have decided on going for Kobo Aura or Kobo Aura HD. Are there any real differences aside from higher res?I just have one question for anyone who owns it because I can't find the answer anywhere. Are the black borders reflective? Because if so that is a deal breaker for me
I have USB headphones.Will they have better quality if I get a soundcard PCI but the headphones arent connected directly to it but connected to the motherboard ?
no
Thanks senpai, I had this question since I bought USB headphones and my friends told me that the mic was shit, then I tried them on a friend's PC who have a soundcard and the mic worked really good.
I know how you feel senpai
if you've got a USB cable with a choke on it, you might want to give that a shot. i don't think it'll make a difference but you never know.
this is where youtube reviews shine:
Who ever was seeding decided to stop uploading
Built an mitx build specifically for school, web surfing, anime, and porn. Powered by Sempron 3850, 4gb ddr3 1gb dedicated as vram and 250gb SSD.Even Linux Mint is a bit laggy at times. Is there a *buntu distro that is light weight? I don't want Arch or any DIY distros. Looking for something that will just werk.
Ok so it looks like I'm fineThank you friend. I accidentally bought a tablet a while ago that was pretty reflective so I'd only use it at night and close my eyes when I knew the screen would go black. I don't want to have to deal with this again
What is this gif supposed to mean?
I had this issue:Device ManagerUninstall all sound drivers Restart and test,if not update mobo drivers
you need wifi on 14.04: Connect it to ethernet, run system update once to get the wifi icon nm-applet. If you have a broadcom card you might need to run Preferences - Additional Drivers once while connected to ethernet.
Is software that measures your Hardware temprature bad for your pc/components?The reason i ask, because for some reason i think that for software to acces this info it has to put extra stress on the hardware
is there a consistent place to find noise/heating comparisons between different brands of the same graphics card?i'm specifically looking at the r9 380.
is it a laptop or desktop
Lubuntu is that light weight? I mean Mint was only using like 750mb of ram out of the 3 left so it wasn't like I was running out.Could the laginess be because of the sempron only supporting single channel ram? I mean I know the CPU is only 1.3ghz quad core, but I've had a C2D in a co-workers laptop run Mint better.
desktop
In terminal,How comels.txt | wcandwc  lst.txtdo not print the same thing?
gentoo you fucking faggot
he's fat and doesn't want to look at his unaesthetic face when flipping pages on his hardcore mongolian mating diagrams
Not sure what is dumb in this..?Anyway shift-delete usually works
I have an ASUS ROG GL552VW-DH71.Can I safely switch from Windows 10 to Windows 7 without some sort of incompatibility or any potential issues?
I have a Kobo and I am very satisfied with it. I personally have not noticed any reflectivity with the borders on my Kobo.They're pretty sensitive though, I'd recommend a decent case to hold it.
are those screens e-ink like the old kindles, or just reflective rather than emissive?
I'm on windows 7, pirated. Should I upgrade to 10? or what
Lubuntu ran perfectly on a 1.6 Ghz Atom/ 512 MB single-channel DDR-533 netbook I've since updated the ram. After a cold boot it uses ~100 mb idling at the desktop.Do you mean "it lags when I try to watch twitch while downloading porn and I have GIMP open + a music player and oh it's also a NAS and I have 3 pdfs and 8 tabs open with flash"?Or "it lags just opening a file browser from a cold boot"
Which, in non-nerd speak = max out the port
e-ink, and I wouldn't have it any other way. The best part about Kobos is that you can convert text and pdf files, and load them into it. If you pull the trigger, utilize that feature. It's really nice.
If you can, do it. Wait a few weeks for updates though.You'll more or less need to eventually anyway.
Hey guys,  I just fucked up and spilled cola on my laptop... Tried to soak it up as fast as I could but it now won't start. Does that mean the component are fucked 100%, or is it worth a shot to open it up and clean it with alcohol?
if it died while wet then it's beyond saving.
Yep,  that's what I thought, sadly I couldn't take away the battery ultrabook so I just plugged it off and prayed
Don't try to start it up again until at least tomorrow: that's something you don't do with wet electronics.Remove battery, and open it up tomorrow.
nevermind the part about the battery then
RIP.You could try putting it in a bag of rice and leaving it for 24h.But chances are, it's a goner mate.
Can't remove battery,  and it happened yesterday,  I let it sit upside down on absorbant paper for 24h first
Yeah it's looking pretty grimI'd still open it, you never know.And you could also take your hdd/ssd
Yeah  I'll savage the ssd and the ram I guess
could anyone help with my script for class?its used to disable usbs on stuff.
Alright if my pc burned out does the hdd burnout as well? My dad left it and I tried turning it on.What's wrong? Sorry for making anyone cringe.
Are Ruby and RoR memes or are they actually useful in industry?
rails and django are both used widely in webdev, but webdev itself is one massive meme
NO!
Not sure what is dumb in this..?The very top entry. The "Visit whatever.com/" entry where it will bring you to the top page of the site. But it's dumb, because if, for example, the only page on x.com you go to is x.com/y/z/, it will still display x.com/ as the top result.
This is true minus the fat part. I don't want to face the reality
is a 4.4Ghz-1.264v overclock on a 4690k good or is the voltage too high?
Dude, you have to start taking care of yourself. exfoliate+moisturize+sunscreen
oh god you poor thing
If you connect to PIA before you use freenet or tor does it help in concealing your IP address?
I've tried before and it doesn't help all that muchI imagine it would. I'm not expert though
keep looking for something that works. hell save up money and go to a dermatologist if you have to.oh yeah, this it a tech board.
connecting to a VPN and then using Tor over it will conceal from your ISP the fact that you're using Tor. If you're using Tor to go back out to the clearnet, the place your visiting will still see your traffic coming from a Tor exit node. It's also possible to connect to Tor, and then connect to a VPN. This hides your IP from your VPN provider but not your ISP. Clearnet sites will see your traffic as coming from the VPN server.Both of these have benefits and drawbacks, which you should consider in your threat model. Note that if you are using hidden services, your only choice is you - VPN - Tor, since the traffic never exits. Remember that Tor is not safe if you have javascript enabled in the Tor browser.
Does a burnt power supply/motherboard effect the storage?
Your PSU can kill your hard drive when it dies, if it's complete shit. It's easy to put the hard drive in another computer to see if it's fine though. It probably is.
Maybe. When a power supply dies it may do so benignly, leaving the rest of the system intact, or it may put out-of-spec voltages on its wires, which can kill various things that are connected to it. If it killed the motherboard, I wouldn't be surprised if it killed hard drives, too. Plug the drives into a working machine and try. If anything is failed shorted the good PSU should refuse to power up.
From a gaming performance standpoint, is there much to be gained by upgrading from 8GB of 1600MHZ RAM to 16GB of 2133MHZ RAM? Will it increase framerates substantially in recent games like Just Cause 3, Fallout 4, GTA5, Arkham Knight, etc? I could buy 16GB of DDR3 for $60 right now. I don't expect it to get much cheaper than that, but I'd still rather keep the money if there won't be any substantial difference for the next few years.
 Will it increase framerates substantially in recent games like Just Cause 3, Fallout 4, GTA5, Arkham Knight, etc?Not really, you'll just be able to load more textures.
The increase in capacity will make zero difference. The increase in frequency will make very little difference, broadly speaking 3 fps max. Be sure your mobo will take oc'd ram if you decide to buy it.
Thank you
Are freenet,Tor, and I2p all the same thing?
No. Not even remotely close. Stay off of all three of them until you learn the differences.
dose anyone know how to reflash pc duino 3b to Ubuntu  with lvd screen got the lvd to work but it wont download the ubunto off the usb drive
I just updated to Windows 10 on a not fully supported PC Lenovo Ideacentre B320I cant play minecraft due to a video card driver issue but there is no update what do?
Anyone know how to set up a VPN? I want to [spoiler]play games on Korean server.[/spoiler]
T-Mobile or MetroPCS?
Same thing, metro is owned by tmo, so they use same towers. So check the prices in your area and pick the best one.
smack yourself for upgrading to Windows 10. That was stupid.wipe your drive and install Windows 7
Windows 10 isnt that bad. Its clean and lightweight, aside from this I havent had any issues.What do you think is wrong with it?
That's because they're made using utter shit parts.  Go look at some early usb2 drives that use better chips, they have better read/write speeds than most usb2/3 drives nowadays.
settingsprivacy scroll to location bar only check what you want.
Your little prebuilt doesn't have drivers for 10, since once something is out of production, the company has no incentive to update it with new ones. They've made all the money they'll ever make out of you for that computer, so they want to stop spending any money on it, and actually would much prefer to use that non-support as a lever to get you to buy a new one. Driver problems like this tend to happen quite a bit with machines like that when a new version is released. Build your own next time. Barring that, either deal with not being able to play that awful game, or go back to 7.
Hi /g/uys,I'm trying to practice some c++ by mentally figuring out some code snippets and then attempting to code them without reference  afterwards but I have come into a snag that I think I have absolutely no control over.Basically, I'm on this page: whenever I click a link it always redirects me to the same project which is a snippet of code that declares a power function.Could someone maybe check the links too and see if maybe it's just me? I would really appreciate it.
Fair enough
Put your mouse over each of them, and in the status bar you can see that some redirect back.about half work.
How's the X230 for a cs major? I got a desktop for long work, but on the go is it a good choice?
Yeah I did that and went into firebug just to be sure. I was really just worried that maybe my request policy was messing with the links. Thanks for that.
I wouldn't carry anything worth over $1000 in the presence of CS freshmen.
What's /g/'s opinion on VLC player?
Does it make a program libre when it's registered under the apache license?
I have an x220t and it works perfectly for me. It can be a little sluggish if I try and treat like my desktop, but for general purpose computing it will do just fine.
there's literally no reason to use it because MPC HC exists
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
MPC HCcan this play weebems
yesif god really cared about us though any of the dedicated image viewers would support weebms instead
there's literally no reason to use it because mpv exists
When do you guys reckon Pascal will come out realistically?Are you guys saving up for 4K?
???
That's the reaction what you get.
can those be used as an RTMP server?
Do you store your scripts in ~/bin or ~/.local/bin?
are there any good 3.0 usbs that are like 8gb?i went on amazon and all the low space drives had shitty reviews that said they ran slower than a 2.0 equivalent
Make sure your speakers aren't muted when you plug the headphones in.
Newegg
matx/itx 1155 z chipsetdoesn't cost a fortunegood luck with that
How do I decide when a phone is too old to purchase?The iphone 6s has come out. Is it still OK to buy an iphone 5 not 5s, 5?
...I run Linux Mint on an old single core Sempron LE-1250, with 2gb ddr2, on a 40GB HDD. I don't know what your problem is, but it sounds like you might need to reinstall Mint completely, just to make sure you didn't get a bad install.
Can I use an m.2 SSD in an m.2 to mPCIe adapter in a laptop that doesn't support mSATA?
iphonekill self
NOOOOOOOO!!!!!
Here's a link to what i could find for cheap: 
I might in a few years. For now I want an iphone.How do I determine it for any phone though?
Is it true that Macs are better?
for what?
yes they just work
Video editing like for youtube let's playsMy lappy take soo long to upload
is there any reason to buy a non-K 4690, when the price difference is $5?
RAID-0 SSD - 840 Pro 120gbhow can i update the firmware without breaking my data.Setting BIOS to AHCI, loading a live CD and hope it works?
not getting Skylick+latest techno, no reason to skip the K, might OC some day.
as far as i can see the mobo selection for memelakes is nearly nonexistant
is there a way to control ncmpcpp from systemtray?
My local store has two pages of Z170X and i live in the mid east.i took a GA-Z170X-Gaming 5
Blender, Maya or Rhinoceros?I would of course prefer Blender because it's free, but are there valid reasons why i should choose another programm?I would use it for 3D-Prints and short presentation clips of my uni projects starting to study product design. No games or 5min films.
autodesk products are the most bloated things ever to grace the earth.go with blender. it's unintuitive at first but you'll get it.
I have headphones which were connected to my sound card in the back of my tower. All of the sudden the line in for the microphone stopped working on Skype and other programs like audacity and teamspeak. If I unplug the headsets including the usb and connect it all to the front of the computer into the realtek audio ports and the usb slot it works fine. Normally this issue would be fixed but since I have two usb ports in the front and one of them is used by the headset I have one left next to it. I play most my games with a Xbox controller but when I plug it in to the usb port next to the headset it starts causing static then the headset glitches out and makes a repeating pitching noise that is very loud and cannot be fixed until I reboot my computer or unplug the audio cords and usb enough and the headset decides to work again. Is there any way to get my sound card to work with Skype again so I can continue using my controller without my headset blowing up?Some things that might contribute to the problem and hopefully fix it.I'm using windows 7I have not update Skype in forever so it's obviously not an update issueMy sound card is an ASUS Xonar DGMy headsets are Turtle Beaches x12sIt's an Xbox one controllerI have also not had to do anything driver related when I hooked up these things, Except for the driver cd for the sound card when I installed it. The headsets and controller automatically downloaded drivers or just worked when first connected.
Just updated to those new crimson drivers but it didn't even run stable for 10 minutes until i got the first "radeon settings host application has stopped working" message, lel. This has NEVER happened before, so the problem lies 100% with the shitty new drivers. Haven't tested yet whether it lets me play vidya without crashing but i'm assuming the crash only affects the new crimson control centre, at least i hope it doesAnyone know when amd will bring out a fix or do they really just don't give a fuck about their win7 drivers being broken? According to their forums there's shittons of people on win7 who have experienced the exact same bug for weeks now without those shitheads bothering to bring out a proper fix. Should i just do a rollback to the old drivers now? I have a hd7850 if that helps
how hard is it to write fucking drivers? they have the full fucking hardware documentation.
How to keep writing outside of quotation marks without using the mouse or arrow keys?When I for example write a string, the editor auto completes the the second quotation mark and I can write within them. But how do I keep writing outside the string without moving my hand to the mouse or arrow keyes?
Nevermind gw seems to run stable but in case of BSOD i'll do a rollback to the old june CCC drivers
disable autocompletekeep it for brackets if you can though
I want to keep auto complete.Same thing goes for brackets and all things that are auto completed. There must be an easier way.Ctrl + Enter for example creates a new line, but ignores the cursor position and doesn't disrupt the line it was currently in.
There should be something like Ctrl + Space to jump to the next cursor position.
most editors should jump if you manually close the quotation marks or braces, so they won't add another, but assume you wanted to close it and just skip it.
Yes, i'm doing well with it atmThanks
I feel like I barely learned anything almost coming out of my 2year systems program What should 100% know by now to be in the systems field or network technician etc My program incorporates some of everything, we have windows server, networking, databases, some intro to security, exchange... EtcI suppose this is more for a careers thread but I'm always afraid I don't know enough whe  it comes to technology since there is so much to know and so much that is advancing.The only thing I've noticed gaining more knowledge around technology is the majority of /g/ pisses me off with misinformation and really entry level content. Usually just about consumerism. And a lot of programming which isn't my forte
Also utorrent is usually black listed and win10 is starting to get black listed by trackers
win10 is starting to get black listed by trackerswhy 10 in particular? not like the government needs a botnet on every computer to see who's pirating what. they've got the isps for that.
Who i am inside?
A c͏uckold.
Basically going full /g/ tinfoil hat 
Sometimes k series don't have vt-d
My WiFi for my desktop says it's connected with excellent strength, then a few second later or says no internet access but the signal is still excellent.Anybody know how to fix it? It's a PCIE WiFi card, not USB
I just bought all of these components:it necessary to get a fan for this as well not overclocking or am I fine?
Is it bad to use a TV instead of a monitor?
is it possible to completely wipe android from my android phone and install linux on it ? so it will boot just like on a pc
Will I be able to connect a 12864 Graphic LCD Display and an accelerometer to an arduino uno without any fancy Port expanders? I'm considering building a seismograph as my first arduino project but don't know shit about arduinos
Sold my 960 to one of my friends, it is running shitty tho. Ram en cpu bottlenecks are highly unlikely. He had a 5770 before this. Is this a software problem ? Can I run it software already showed 1 gb vram so that is making me think it's software fucking it up. Any suggestions?
I have a spare ~$250 that I want to spend on /g/ related stuff, but I don't know what. Somebody recommend something before I invest in something stupid like a PS4.My current setup:i7-4790KMSI GTX 9708GB RAMXFX P1-750B-BEFX 750WAsus Z97-A ATX mobo2TB of HDD space512GB of SDD space Samsung 840 PRO as boot driveFractal R4 caseCM Hyper 212 EVO Not interested in CLCTwo 1080p TN Asus monitors, one 144hz, the other 60hz. I want to stick to 16:9 or 16:10.
Is there any better motherboard than an Asus H81 PLUS for a similar price?
I have a problem with my graphics card drivers on my laptop. The screen is all fucked up right now. I tried reinstalling Windows with a fresh install, but it crashes every time at the "installing drivers" section and gives me a "TDR_VIDEO" error. I tried booting Linux, which at least work, but the screen is still fucked up. Is there a way to set the system back completely or any other way to fix this issue?
Sup /g/. My current build consists of a gtx 970 ftw and a fx-6300 cpu. This cpu is shit and I'm going to upgrade this month, my budget is $250. I was considering a fx 8350 and a corsair cpu cooler. Is there any intel cpu and mobo combo I can get for less?
amd cpusgtx 3.5holy meme
fx 6300 is shitthinks he'll see an improvement from an fx 8350
What is dissappointing you? The bottleneck might be somethig else.
No, Intel is NEVER cheaper for overall performance, never ever ever, if you want unbiased benchmarks that haven't been bought by Intel, try cpubenchmark.net, you'll see that Intel wins for single core performance every time, but never multi core benches.
Microcenter in store bundle could save you but doubt you live by one
I'd get the hell away from a 970 IMOI hit the 4 GB limit on my 380 just playing GTA V and Far Cry 4, Those aren't even really new games.I'd be fucking pissed if I got 3.5'd
buy 8350 for $150get slightly less performance than a $340 i7dude you coulda had a v8
How is it shit?
XD
I bought my current mobo cpu combo at microcenter haha. Thats my goto place.
poorfag detected
if you don't buy what I buy youre a poorfag.
Intel is always better than AMD
get fx 8350 so you won't need a new moboslap on a hyper 212 evooverclock as high as possibleThere. Done. No more cpu bottleneck
if you're going to waste money on amd, at least waste less money by buying a 8320e and  over clocking that.
My guilty pleasure are those gamer accessories with cool LEDs. What tech do you guys love?
What are the most over-rated headphones ? What are the universaly appreciated headphones in real life ?I mean by this , with all these "audiophiles" who advise on youtube/internet to buy the most "neutral" headphones, someone you know has to be desappointed with their Beyerdynamic, Seinheiser or Audio Technica x.Most people I know just want a "live" feeling with a V curve, clean and deep basses, a flattering sound, not a studio headphones for mixing samples 12h a day. That's not foolish because with the loudness war + compression that's your headphone who has to do the mixing, i'm not even half-kidding. So when they hear modern music with a super neutral headphones, they don't like it, it's too flat.
I've seen the M50s been called over-rated before. But I've had mine for years and still sound great, if they sound appealing to you then you're getting a good set of cans.
What did you have before ?Because whitout a reference in the same price range that's hard to think someone will think that a H202 is better.
M50Xs are a piece of shit. I bought them and returned them a week later. Even tried burning them in, didn't do much. "Neutral" my ass, they're complete nigger bass. Vocals are like listening to someone talk through a tin can. Bands like Radiohead sounded awful on them. Even my V6s sounded way cleaner and they were half the price. They don't have over empowering nigger bass.
What are the most over-rated headphonesAny Audez'e headphone. Etymotic ER-4PT. What are the universaly appreciated headphones in real life ?Sennheiser HD600, HD650, HD800. HiFiMan HE-400i. Shure SE215.
the thing about audeze is they look natural af if you look at their frequency response curveso I would love to try them
They sound fine. My issues with them are weight and QC.
what about the el-8 ones?
Pure shit. I would save up and get the LCD-2 in rosewood, they are their best headphone in overall price/performance.
vocalshowpleb.ru
thanks for saving me on this one man
Fine, the M50's have a nigger V-shaped sound, the mids are recessed. Sounds too veiled and congested. Fucking autistic manchild faggot. How else should I explain it?How is it that you fags are literally worse than le reddit? How the fuck is that possible?
buzzwords
Etymotic ER-4PT.It's a middling value all things considered, but not overrated.I don't know about the open EL-8 being pure shit, but the closed one was really bad.Still a lot of things to not like about open EL-8rosewoodBamboo
This guy's full of shit.The EL-8s sound so close to LCD-3s owning both and doing side-by-side comparisons that it's insane.They're easily the best headphones under $1k and they're definitely good enough to warrant savings when compared to the LCD-2s.
The EL-8s sound so close to LCD-3s owning both and doing side-by-side comparisons that it's insane.They're easily the best headphones under $1k and they're definitely good enough to warrant savings when compared to the LCD-2s.I would quite disagree with that. EL-8 open has more in common with LCD-4, except el-8 has a notch filter in the treble.Best for price is laughable. Not that the 3s are so great either.

Here's your You, cherish it well
beats
in my opinion they are too underratedI didnt like them but they recieve too much hate for what they are
Damn, I'm sorry to hear that because the worst thing about the M50s was the cord not being able to come apart, which was the only reason I'd look at M50xs
Is this normal for 8gb of ram? I thought 8gb was enough? how the fuck am I at 64% usage with 9 tabs up? Do I need more ram?
Chrome
2 things, stop using chrome and you need more ram, 16 is quickly becoming the new standard if it isn't already
, 
Why would anyone stick a GeForce610M in a laptop with an i7-3630QM? Shit's even worse than the integrated in the CPU.
What are the auto installer arch packages called?
What are the auto installer arch packages called?Arch fag edition
Even though it's supposed to be dead, I used this today with no worries. Just do your partitioning beforehand and use "keep intact".
Architect?
DO NOT use an installer, that would completely defeat the purpose of Arch.
we all have different purpose for arch thensome value bleeding edge + AUR over some increase in customizability install
the one in the wiki fucked 2 LVM on LUKS partitions and didn't start startxuse archbang
Chinese smartphones seem to be having the best value for money with a difference. Give me reasons I should NOT buy one.
Literal malware botnet shit & they might blow up on you some day.
no quality control whatsoever
CDMA vs. GSM
Why should I trust agencies and regulations to do that for me when I can do my own digging online? Nowadays there's at least one tear down video as well as independent reviews for every smartphone you can find. Implying I'm American
Most of their LTE bands are different so you'd be stuck on 3G and below speeds.But I am waiting for a note clone with wacom so I can finally rid myself of samshit for good.
I got a Huawei Ascend G7 it was cheap as fuck getting from a carrier and it does everything I want it to. Great battery life, has 4G etcThe only downside is the screen is 720p but it's way more worth it in terms of value compared to a Samsung or something inb4 botnets, bad quality, poorfag
Fucking poorfag those things are full botnet and are terrible quality.
Made in China
Just bought a Toshiba Chromebook 2 2015 Model, should I install Linux Mint/*buntu on it or stick with Chrome OS?My main use of the laptop will be basic Internet browsing, reading news, YouTube, watching movies/tv etc. as well as Word processing every now and then.
Just realised that pic related is the older model, m'bad.
just use crouton
Linux vs. Linux
Hang self, ty.
Everything you've mentioned is perfectly covered by ChromeOS.
Toshiba Chromebook 2Holy shit... looks like a complete Apple knockoff. Why on earth would you wanna buy something looking so fake like this? it's like a fake rolex.
Chrome OS vs. Linux Mint/*buntuFeels good man.Thanks a lot for the input.Cheers anon.
thread subject
meme arrows
Install Gentoo
I put xubuntu on mine 2014 model. You're limited by the SSD space, but other than that it's a good machine.I do recommend putting a real distro on it open it up, get rid of the jumper, flash the bios, install a real distro, if only to get the botnet out of it to the extent you can.
Ask yourself:Do I want to make it very easy for Google to mine the shit out of my data?If the answer is yes, keep Chrome OS. If the answer is no, install Linux.
I just installed elementary OS on my toshiba chromebook 2. It's so cozey.
ChromeOS is good.
Normally I ignore posts like  , but in your case it fits.
Personally on my Chromebook Flip, I run both ChomeOS and Arch Linux, but I mostly use Chrome OS. I can chroot into my Arch partition and do anything CLI I need and I can do any coding and compiling I need. If I had an Intel Chromebook I'd install the chromebrew package manager, but I'm happy with what I've got now.
I was running Ubuntu but the only reason i switch is because the sound card was fucking up on it. I even tryed mint. I would have used one of those distros if the sound worked. It works of elementary so im using it. Are u mad because it has a dock?
 botnet kernelCrouton sucks.
It's OK anon. Don't forget to throw some money at the elementary 'developers' - free software can't exist without your monetary support!
ChromeOS is tbqh very good for what it is.
I allways donate 100 shekels to the hard working developers everytime there is an update. :^
Chrome OS is good for just browsing and shit but wouldn't really consider it for muh main rig
stop
so glad my acer c720 has a dual core intel processor, haha
Any and all laptops that have a black keyboard and an aluminum body are apple clones!!!!!90% of the functionality15% of the price400% of the battery lifestay mad applefag
This unit is probably best tbqf. Don't mind the plebs.
400% of the battery lifeThis thing has 40 hours battery life?
Is this option suddenly gone for anyone else?
How easy is it to create a resume in LaTeX? Have you done it before? Is it hard?
My resume is a picture of Olympic  decathlon champion Bruce Jenner.
Do you know latex?  If not, it will be hard.
I just got through doing this the other day. It's pretty simple.
Her NAME is CAITLYN, BRO!
is this any good for editing
I've done it. Not hard.
Holy shit how TRANSMISOGYNISTIC! I literally can't even right now ugh! It's 2015!
I just used texmaker. If you're using it for a resume chances are you wont use equations so it should take you all of 5 minutes to figure out the markup.
check the moderncv package
Gloriously easy op
moderncv is all you need. It's ridiculously easy. Make sure you \usepackage{geometry}, and set the scale to whatever looks best.
Programming or Networking ?/g/ choose what i'll study in marchAssume I have no preference+ and - for each
If you're not following your passion nothing will change and you'll kill yourself within 10 years.
both
Depends. If you want the challenge but don't mind being around mediocre people and bad pay, go with programming. If you want decent pay, low to no challenge and being surrounded by mediocrity go networking.
networking, you'll end up as a tech support. programming, you'll end up as an app support
ThisandThis
In networking you'll peak sooner than you would in programming.
Network Programming
You should major in information systems and specialized in security.
And get CEH and CCNA and A+. You can call yourself a professional then and move away from India
, 
Im not a good self learner and im too broke for college. Where can I learn programming skills to land me a decent job?
muh gaymergateSorry, but you're not gonna make it in society.
Land IT job.Practice scripting and other crap with dumb tedius repetative tasks.Gain expereince find programming jawbs.
throw yourself into programming situations where you're likely to fail. become comfortable with failure and assume you're going to fail without help.don't keep rewording your google searches, instead research the functions and types that you are using in the documentation and solve them yourself.
tediusrepetativeexpereincejawbsplease never reproduce
1 Codeacademy DOT com2 Read a lot of programming books.3 Start with Python as a first language.4 Lurk /g/ for tips and advice just don't be a faggot about it.5 Literally google more6 Literally youtube tutorial it7 once you master programming, you can get some side shekels to your job doing bounties at GitHub and shit.
What part of bad self learner do you not understand. I need instruction from someone. Preferably another human being
Oh, we have a special snowflake here.How the fuck do you want to learn programming by yourself if you can't learn by yourself?
Then take out loans and go to school, you probably won't succeed as a programmer, or at all in life, due to your clear lack of critical thinking skills, you immense fucking faggot.
codeacademy
Its just the way I am. I suck at learning things on my own and just learn better if I have an instructor of some kind. Aren't there any companies that hire people and send them to programming camps or whatever
Omg is this bait?
If you don't have money for college you're not going to have money to afford a bootcamp, and no one's going to hire you and send you to one either.
There are 1-1 codeacademy teachers bruv
I feel pretty trolled.
You are assuming that once you have found someone to teach you to code that thats it.It aint, what are you going to do on your first day at work?  You will be expected to find stuff out for yourself.
Just spread your legs/open your mouth for money and pay for college fucking faggot.
Aren't there any companies that hire people and send them to programming camps or whateverThe only time i've heard of this is if you've been an asset to a company and they see your work ethic and desire to be something greater.Like, if you were in QA at a company, and told them that you wanted to go back to school to get your degree.  Then could fund your college tuition or a fraction of it, at least if they see you as a worthy investment.
If you're near a large university you may be able to just show up to courses of there's enough people taking them. Introductory programming courses tend to be pretty big.Also check university financial aid office. They may know of resources that can help you
site
This
If you can't self learn then you can't learn programming. Programming is 90% self learning, even if you are at university you just have more direction. It's actually really intellectually demanding, unless you're some web dev hick.
tfw I know some people who do thisThe world can be a cruel place.
What's wrong with codecademy?
Are they cute?
You're going to have to develop skills in learning things on your own, if not with coding you will need it for most professional jobs. It's not like you absolutely cannot do it. You just choose not to learn on your own. The more you do it the better you become. I started out having an interest in making vidya games a few years back but I didn't know programming. I looked up guides and studied code until I hit goals that I made for myself. Find something that you really enjoy coding related, then start working on it.
No nothing is wrong with it. I was the one who told him to do it.He said that he needed live people to talk to, so I saidcodeacademybecause it had living people to talk to
3
what
coursera python
whats your problem with gamergate?
fagchan headband instead of a cloverMake your own OC, faggots. It's not that hard.
Just 2 guys who looked pretty cute I'm befriended with.One of them had to couchsurf for a while. Pretty sure he was homeless for a couple of days before moving in with a friend of his.
That bait
but that is their oc, thats 8-tan
Started on 4chan tho?Or was it all shitters from fagchan
It's not OC, Vivian James is fully associated with 8ch, She has been for quite a while.
She started on 4chan, all the gators moved to 8ch and made Vivian theirs and nobody was left on 4chan to want Vivian.
I like Vivian.
ive got a good book
He doesn't know that gamergate is the most tinfoil of tinfoil conspiracy theories
Well I don't.
g8b8m8Take a look at Gawker and tell me objectivity is being displayed in anything they publish. They are literally Rajesh the paid shill half the time.
get a job and learn from that. teaching yourself when you don't have to is over-rated
Y...you too
You clearly don't understand what IT is or how many tasks in that field allow for automation.
pretend your a grill and suck my dickand maybe MAYBE i'll mentor you
too broke for college.Nig do you even pell grant?
Some nigs don't even have the 2.0 GPA to get a Pell grant.Just goes to show that some people don't deserve to go to college.
coursera.org
They are entitled to their opinion... Free speech dude.
Nobody gives a shit...feel free to stay on 1/2 Chan kek
implying ggchan is good for anything but /furry/
SLOW
he's saying you spelled a bunch of words wrong
fuck off Millennials.
Objectivity in gaming taste? Lol.Money are near the only objective thing there is. So even if they are getting paid what's wrong with it? That's how everything works.
behold the calibre of someone who "understands IT"
is the most tinfoil of tinfoil conspiracy theoriesNot him but the main thing was that every outlet and dev was sucking eachother off and then they found proof of every outlet and dev sucking eachother off.Games Journalism is fucking retarded though.
I find "gaming journalism" to be a pretty hilarious concept. I guess they will squeeze as much cash as they can out of these autistic man children.
Code academy sucks. If you want to actually learn there's some classes you can "enroll" in for cheap online and it gives you incentives to keep going cause you're paying for it....junior at a university here doing comp sci....it's dreadful.
I would say then programming isnt for you
If you can't figure out how to figure it out, you're fucked. Programming is not for you, because you are stupid and lazy. Either get motivated search engines exist or give up like I know you will.
/thread
Hey /g/ I've run into a bit of a coding issue My prof. wants us to make a blackjack program in java with several classes, one of them has several private methods that are supposed to preform a function given the fulfillment of certain conditions. If the conditions aren't met I'm supposed to have the method skip its functions, which is fine, but I'm also supposed to display an error message. How do I print to the system console from within a non-static private void? I could use JOptions but none of the course curriculum contains that so I don't think I would be expected to use it. Is there a simple solution for this or is my professor an ass?
if conditionselse:  error message
java.lang.System is static so don't worry about it.
Is there any reason to learn C# in 2016??
nope/thread
Dunno. I'd check to see what was important in tech that year, but I'm stuck in time before that point.
Well fuck. What am I gonna do with this C# for dummies book I rented from the library?? It seems like such an obsolete language now.
This pic remind me of Final Fantasy Tactics.
It can help you grasp the concepts of OOP?
is this a house?
A C# compiler called Roslyn has recently gone open source. So Microsoft is trying hard to keep it worth learning.Visual Studio is a God tier IDE. And the language is generally nice to work in when compared to PHP.I would learn it if you want to make Windows applications or get into backend Web development.Otherwise, learn C++.
C# is incredible as a language. It just has Microsoft up it's ass, which is a shame.
because it's as close to java as you can get without being java
Depends of your reasons.If they're professional, yes.
hi guys, so here it comes, xmas, and I was wondering if I could get raspberry pi 2 from my parentsits definitely in their price range, and I would really like to try this stuff, what do you think, wurf?
It's worth a bullet in your brain.
so if it's not any kind of faggotery sarcasm, then Im gettin' it
Do it, even if you use it just to play muh animus.
awkay, will be asking my parents poor college student heresince I can even run W10, it really mb fun

we raised you we pay for your life expenses and you are living in our basement and you give us a fucking useless pi ARM shit as Christmas present?get the fuck out of our home you useless piece of shit
RPi doesn't support Windows 10 as a desktop environment, just as an embedded os without GUI.
Anyone know a board computer with 2+ ethernet ports?
Via has some x-ITX boards that afaik comes with 2x ethernet.
you can fund the latte panda board on kickstarter for muh win10 board x86 intel procIt's neato, one more computer to install gentoo on, it's even funnier when cross-compiled
Hey OP i'm 37 and my wifes family does this Christmas list shit. It's been a hard year so the max is $50 as opposes to $200 last year. I put the pi2 on my list along with a edge router4port.Any how what are you going to use it for just to mess around?
Van we have a trigger warning thread? Stuff that totally triggers you that is /g/ related?pic related, it pisses me off to no fucking end
Notepadtriggered.
VanOP here, triggered again.
Windows in generalniggered
windowsclassic theme.batnotepadmanual file compression
We don't have a 24/7 Handbrake thread.  Handbrake has their own site with a FAQ, guide, and forums.Why is mpv here?
Author: Anonymous
Any potato toaster owners on /g/?Proud Pentium 4 user here
dumb frogposter
Core 2 Duo LGA775, still strong and running.
I tried to put a dual core CPU on my old 2006 MB, but the damn thing kept freezing in windows, so I just gave up. I've currently upgraded everything to max that I can to my old MB. I'm too poor to buy a new one and I don't play any games - just watch films and browse web so I never found a need for it.
I've got one. Im not using it but I've got one.
He's up...
i7-9999 with 100 cores?
yes
doesnt know how they use server farms to render digitally animated movies
that sums it up
Yes, they make a 128 core processor called the the Intel ForTron.
Yeah, the frf4g-base
I always wondered if intel or some other company made special hardware for the military or cia. Like how Lockheed Martin make aircraft for cia. Anyone know of anything like that with computer parts?
Pixar films are made possible thanks to Apple magic
unaware that the NSA has a quantum computer they use to break encryption keys, built by intel in israelgit gud, goyim
no they use AMD, it has the most corress
he thinks Disney the billion dollar company uses shitty consumer grade crapMy fucking sides
Believe it or not, but governments and secret agencies actually use fairly outdated hardware that they absolutely know to be 100% reliable, rather than jumping on the latest cutting edge tech. Considering their programs don't have to run crazy graphics or intricate GUIs, there's really no reason for them to upgrade their thinkpads from 2006.Only thing it's good for at the moment honestly.
what is nvidia quadro?
isn't some russian spy agency still using typewriters on purpose to countermeasure cyber surveillance?
this
Sure they do, pic related. nah lmao.So at first I would think /most/ miltary - intelligence agencies would use common CPUs and such because the sheer popularity and mass production of them would actually be more efficient. Like you have a computer that needs to do something important, if it shits the bed then you can just swap in new standard parts everyone is using. Although these parts might be implemented in higher quality chassis, motherboards, etc. But then if you think about that, it wouldn't really matter. If intel or whoever is producing special components for the govt, then they could probably get as many as they want and put them on shelves.It also makes sense to do, not only because of special needs and higher quality, but security. If certain mission critical computers ran on different architecture than consumers, then it would be a security bonus in terms that people trying to exploit the system might have a harder time.  Not to mention im sure they have tons of custom made hardware designed to withstand things like EMPs or what not. At-least I hope so.
do you seriously think they use a single computer to render their shit? and that they render on cpu?
sauce
Quadros are mainly for display acceleration, and are used for running high-bit depth displays using special drivers that reduce rendering errors in CAD programs. For actual distributed compute you want GRID GPUs that have extra RAM and are better designed for rack-mount environments.That I doubt, but the Russian govt. is using custom CPUs that are made locally in Russia, capable of emulating x86 for specific needs. it's all custom OS and hardware.
pshh
Outside of missile systems, the government isn't as adanced as their psyops would want you to believe. But they do take hardware level security seriously. So yes, they have custom fabs for mission critical operations. Pixar renders on farms. Nothing special. If you had the cash, you could do it too.
They use server farms with loads of GPGPU computing in them.Using x86_64 on rendering is a waste of time.
I wanted to tear my fucking eyes out during that trailer. That smirk, that GODDAMN SMIRK
Their render farm is made of thousands of xeons that cost like $5000 each. And it still takes them like 15 hours to render 1 frame. Yet their stuff looks like claymation like it has looked since Toy Story 1. They obviously have too much money.
Outside of missile systemsIsn't some of their hardware+software still the same as it was back in the 60's?
Disney uses many PS3s to render their films.
Pretty sure the art style is intentional
I want to fuck that rabbit.
think quantum computers generate information based of clear output. Did you know quantum computers generate guesses which is then processed by hundreds of other systems to make the data have meaning.Like guessing the answer with maths but at a high rate.
Holy fuck you're dumb
I KNOW
There's actually a benefit to doing so too since old tech is fairly easily to tighten down on and only a very small subset of the world will know how it works let alone how to possibly break it
nothey use off the shelf compute serversretard
Are you fucking retarded?First off they use visualization and each system is combined with a graphics chip. Each system on a single server would have a shared resource pool for graphics processing.VMware would make a hol for the purpose of this server needs. disney does use a lot of money towars graphics and processing. Makes senses to also use visualized measures.Oh yeah, they DO NOT USE XEONS. They use a customized cpu infrastructure which contains something reported from 50 to 100 cores.
No, they just use PS3s running linux.Cell architecture is boss.
Zootopia
They DO render on CPU. At least Pixar does.
The real question is, when I can I fuck this rabbit?
After you install gentoo.
Cell was powerful for its time. Now it's just a garbage space heater. It's one reason Apple Microsoft, and Sony dropped PowerPC.
NASA's control systems for most of their rockets and explorers are actually insanely old-as-the-hills: most advanced CPU on the list is the MIPS R3000, the same core that powered the PlayStation 2.In principle, the amount of processing a CPU has to do when running highly optimized assembly to do things like adjust thrust vectoring just isn't very high.
hardware isn't usually cutting edge so much as older and reliable.
According to game developers, the Cell is still faster than the CPU used in the PS4/Xbone for specific tasks. For those things that they excel in, PowerPC processors are still used to this day.
catching fire
this some on give that iconographic with dancers
Furfags incoming in 3,2,1...
This.
It's a shitty housefire.
What happened with the russians or something trying to make their very own CPU to avoid international spionage and shit?
The current consoles are very weak for their time. They decided to go cheap and reliable this round.
can't wait fur the day fur furry porn to be on this level, damn
reliableThe PS4 hits 95c and the xbone disc tray is pathetic
95 under load? Despite your feels, that is nominal.
You mean this? to say, I haven't seen it talked about here much, but it might already be in action where needed.
Yes, 95°c is within the T-max of many processors, I'm guessing its actual limit is 105°c.

I have one of those rugged fan-less notebooks, it doesn't even think about throttling the CPU if it's under 100°C.
that's a mining rig, pretty sure.
Protip: HDDs, PSUs, Blu-Ray drives and USB ports are NOT designed to operate at those temperatures.We will start seeing PS4s cook next year, i would bet you $5k right fucking now.
That's the cpu core temperature. Air inside the box is not getting that hot.
He thinks it's rendered in real time, that's so cute!
I've had a laptop's CPU that hot almost 24/7 for a couple years. Everything still works.
With how pathetic the cooling solution is, the temps inside would not be any better.
I know better than professional engineers
"Professionals" built the Titanic.
hurr people who built something on an extremely tight budget and who don't give a shit if it doesn't last more than 3 years can design anythingYeah, nah, fuck off.The xbone has a nice, big fan that does not have an annoying whine and keeps the unit an order of magnitude cooler than the PS4.
Yeah and it was an awesome design and a well built vessel. Then they took that ship and drove it straight into an iceberg on max speed.
So why is the bunny cop friends with the scummy "fuck da police" neet fox? What's this movie about?
I'm having a skype interview in a few minutes, wish me luck /g/bros! It's always a challenge to pretend I'm not autisticpic unrelated
Good luck Anon! I am sure you'll do great!
I believe.
ty man
You're doing interview through Skype or to apply for a job at Skype? Be specific nigger
you'll do great felow 4chaner
through Skype
skype interviewalways reminds me of that fucking indian guy.I put my skreu driver everywhere!
haha what is that?
If it were me I'd be stressed about the call quality for a skype interview, but maybe they have ways around that.Anyhow, good luck m8.

I'm back. It went...... more or less decently I'd say. I was nervous and more autistic than I'd like to, but I still think I actually did decently, I landed jobs doing the interview worse than that, it was with non-technical HR girls so we will see...Also, the audio sucked so I had to turn off webcam and use my headphones instead, then my internet failed for the frist time in months and they called over the phone and the audio really sucked.
Good job OP. The technical problems could work to your advantage, actually, in that they will make you more memorable. If you handled them without getting flustered which it sounds like you did, moving from video to audio to the phone, then that will help make a good impression.Hope you make it to the next round!
skypewelp
Just know that they didn't have pants on that entire time
did you clean your room only in the fov of the webcam and did you wear any pants?
What was in the background?If I turned my webcam on, behind me is the laundry, hygiene products and a messy blanket.
not already having am offerCome on anon i had that shit last month
Let the autism flow during the technical interview portion. I had a Skype interview with a developer for an internship and he asked me a difficult algorithm question which I had never encountered before. I guess I was expecting like a fizzbuzz or something, and spent 10 minutes not knowing what the fuck to do, but somehow my autism kicked in and I was able to solve it without looking completely retarded. But now they want to fly me out for an in person interview, where my autism will once again work against me. Maybe remote positions would be better
Fizz buzz is a meme m8 for startups
This was a startup. I'm not sure what you mean.
What kind of startup is willing to fly you out there.
Most of them, they need js ninjas with css experience
What is that fucking channel ?!I would never do interviews over skype holy fucking shit what. There was one time 4 years ago where one company told me "Hey we didn't find you on facebook or somewhere else" and I told them to fuck off I really did
careful not to cut yourself on that edge anon
OP how nice of you to record your interview for us 
kek'd
haha good luck m8thank you!
, 
, 
Aight fagits, i'm starting to get an interest in linux.What's your favorite distro guys? I'm looking into gentoo and Arch, should i do it? Please don't trigger mme by mentioning ubuntu thank you  : ^ 
CRUXRUX
Ubuntu Gnome
                                                                                            ▄▄▄▄▄▄                                           ▄▄▄▄      ▄▄▄▄                   ▄▄▄▄    ▀▀██▀▀                         ██                ▀▀██      ▀▀██                 ██▀▀▀▀█     ██     ██▄████▄  ▄▄█████▄  ███████    ▄█████▄    ██        ██                ██           ██     ██▀   ██  ██▄▄▄▄ ▀    ██       ▀ ▄▄▄██    ██        ██                ██  ▄▄▄▄     ██     ██    ██   ▀▀▀▀██▄    ██      ▄██▀▀▀██    ██        ██                ██  ▀▀██   ▄▄██▄▄   ██    ██  █▄▄▄▄▄██    ██▄▄▄   ██▄▄▄███    ██▄▄▄     ██▄▄▄              ██▄▄▄██   ▀▀▀▀▀▀   ▀▀    ▀▀   ▀▀▀▀▀▀      ▀▀▀▀    ▀▀▀▀ ▀▀     ▀▀▀▀      ▀▀▀▀                ▀▀▀▀                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ██                                                                   ▄████▄   ██▄████▄  ███████    ▄████▄    ▄████▄                                           ██▄▄▄▄██  ██▀   ██    ██      ██▀  ▀██  ██▀  ▀██                                          ██▀▀▀▀▀▀  ██    ██    ██      ██    ██  ██    ██                                          ▀██▄▄▄▄█  ██    ██    ██▄▄▄   ▀██▄▄██▀  ▀██▄▄██▀                                            ▀▀▀▀▀   ▀▀    ▀▀     ▀▀▀▀     ▀▀▀▀      ▀▀▀▀                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
When I was your age Red Hat, Debian and Slackware was all anyone usedWay too many faggy distributions out there, people really need to stop
I use arch with openbox
no
install entoo?
Don't go Arch Op dont do it

FUNTOOUNTOO
SOURCE MAGEOURCEMAGE
Ubuntu is my favourite, stable and popular.  I use Ubuntu gnome because I like gnome 3. Arch has the best package manager and AUR,  but you also might get tons of exotic problems without a clear fix. I wish there was a Ubuntu with gnome 3 and pacman and AUR.
Last time i checked this wasn't /b/. Come on anons, give me a REASON to install your distros.
Arch has the best package manager
How about you google some of the ones that people have named in this thread and pick which one that fits you best you lazy nigger
That's manjaro.
l33t Linux33tLinux
not your personal tech support
I've googled them, not impressed so far.But i know for a fact that when you give recommendations to someone you also give a reason why. So stop being a fat redneck and actually say why 'x' / 'y' distro is better. I'm asking what people think about certain distros and why theirs is better than mine. Anon please.
So stop being a fat redneck and actually say why 'x' / 'y' distro is better. No distro is better than any other Pick the one that has the features that appeal to you Most distro websites have this thing called an "about" page that tells you what the features are and what makes it different than other distros
gentoo because of USE flags, openrc, portage, eselect, layman, "-udev -systemd", documentation
what's wrong with ubuntu?
gentoo for kids
South Park on Death Note folderthis shit taste
E KEK
be me like 6 years agomess with Ubuntu and fedora for 2 yearsquit because muh gamesmess with fedora and Debian and Ubuntu about 8 months agoLiterally worst experience of my life. Can't get any distros to install. Destroy SSD and USB drive in the process on trying to install distros. RMA for new SSD and install Windows 10.Be two days agoinstall arch on extra hard driveaccidentally format SSD with Windows 10, still operationalGot openbox running and Googled my way to a basic them and tint2 installation on startup. Because a fresh arch install leaves you to fend for yourself,  it's a great learning experience.  I'm learning a lot and getting familiar with the system and I really like it.  Because no packages were installed by default I was able to install only compatible packages. I took notes especially on the commands I was executing and why they did what they did in order to get a better understanding. I can't wait to have it looking nice and rice and have all of the functionality I need. I recommend it OP.  I'm sure gentoo is also a decent operating system. Don't forget to rate and subscribe
 implying Ubuntu is bad after you chuck out Unity
GNOME
Is that OS X?
hey guise i've never used linux before and know nothing about it but i heard arch and kali are pretty effing leet so i'm going to try them out
No.
What distro is it then?
uname -r4.3.0-gentoo
that font renderingbeautiful
Debian
Linux from Scratchpros - you can install exactly what you wantcons - you'll have no hope of making it usable
I have it installed and it's perfectly usable
being this mad
kek
This so much.
, 
, 
Should I get a 390/x or wait for the next gen of gpus?
what do you have now?
do what you want, nobody gives a fuck.
attracting attention with a facebook whoresaged
660ti
I would wait. The next gen is going to be a huge step forward from both amd and nvidia. Your card isn't too bad for now.
That will run most stuff on medium to high settings except the most recent games. If you still want to upgrade maybe get something that will still be a good card even past the next gen like a 390X
Yeah I think ill wait. Thanks. Its just that I have about 1100€ in amazon giftcards and dont know what to do with them so I thought about upgrading
the waiting meme :^
Who is this semen demon?
Get a normal 390
This. It's not worth $100 more for a 5% performance gain. You can get that by just overclocking the 390 a little bit.
uglycute
Who is the cum demon?
Should I buy this or wait for this?Buy now and shutup, By your logic you should wait 10 years to buy more powerful computer parts.
18+ board faggots, fuck off.
Ya man, wait. I know everyone says "just wait" or "next gen will be a huge step". But it really is going to be a great year for computer hardware
Can't even play Fallout 4@1080p with stable 60.
Do it.Better yet, buy two.
MUH DICK.
Get a R9 390 and enjoy it for a few years to come.
Buy a GPU now. You'll still be able to sell it for 80% of its price once the new generation GPUs get released.
What resolution are you playing at? If you have all that money in amazon giftcards you could get a 1440p with freesync or gsync and a 390 or 970 or 980 to later crossfire or sli, keep in mind amd cards are power hungry beasts.
Why not a 290?
never stop evolvingWish niggers lived by this phrase.
LORDOSISORDOSIS
Pick up those dirty fucking socks before your mom sees them.2 390x, holy shit you're gonna be warm during this winter, my single Sapphire R9 390 does a good job by itself to keep me warm.  Is your CPU water cooled?  Do you plan on water cooling those GPUS, if not, how's the temps?
But the successor to the GTX 900 series aint coming until june/july right?I*'m on the fence on bying a 970 or something right now just for the wait if it's more than 3 months till the next generation arrive.
start new job at tech company because i ran out of neetbuxthis guy sitting on a desk across from me yaps about video games all the timetell him consoles are for babies and real men use computershe tells me the PS4 is more powerful than the fastest computer Should I quit my job /g/ ? I thought I would be working with wizards like yourself. Not with these obnoxious frat boys that I've been hiding from since high school.
GET OUT GET OUT GET OUT FUCKING NORMIESSSS REEEEEEE
It never ends, I like to think if I worked at a big four company it would stop. But when you work in tech, you're going to work with literal manchildren with fragile egos who think they know everything.It's the nature of the game, get better at using their egos to your advantage.
shit that never happened: the threadfuck off back to /r/pcmasterrace you child
So /o/ I have a 2014 FR-S and I was wondering what's the best android head unit. Would really like something that fully compatible with my LG v10.
, 
Post your custom newtab / homepage pages.I want to write one myself as a way to get into html, but I need some inspiration.
Custom newtab pagesWhy tho?
Why anything when you really think about it you faggot.
Because I want something that looks good, is customizable and isn't the meme built in with firefox.
how to make simple rectangles on which you could just hover the mouse pointer on for them to expand?
implying that it isn't about:blank
about:blank
software that /g/ says is good but really isn't when you actually try it for yourself.This shity qBittorrent stalls torrents, has I/O errors, and it lost my settings and torrents when my power went out a few weeks ago. Fuck you guys for memeing me into it. Went back to uTorrent because it just fucking works.
It only stalls torrents because your hard disk probably sucks balls. Not their fault you are a poor fag or an idiot trying to download directly onto a shitty SD card.
mpvhurr durr lightweight IT HAS NO UI YOU FUCKING IDIOTS
works on my machineguess you better git gud and install gentoo
It only stalls torrents because your hard disk probably sucks balls.7200rpm WD Blue, nigger.
gentoo next time.
memepvThe player for autists and NEETs
I'm partial to deluge, and it seems most private trackers accept it. Lightweight, clean and simple. On a similar note, what FTP clients do you all prefer? I've been using CuteFTP since the ability to run two or eight threads on a single file helps mitigate what seem to be shitty FTP speeds everywhere I go.
delugelightweightkek
using windowstopest of keks
what's wrong with qbittorrent? it works fine for me
blue
use qBittorrentmost of my private tracker torrents have a ratio of 0THENuse uTorrentmost of my private tracker torrents have at least 0.5 ratio. Fuck qStalledmeme
You guys shouldn't torrent, but if you do, use a VPN
paying someone to rat you out the minute the authorities show upI'll take my chances.
not using private trackerspaying for a vpnkek
ain't nothing wrong with blues.
what's wrong with qbittorrent? it works fine for meyou lucky bastard
Problem is uTorrent newer versions are shit, and a lot of priv trackers ban older ones due to exploits. So people have turned to qB, deluge, and others. Personally I'm just about done with private trackers since my favorite one Bib seems to be gone now, and a lot of them are getting assfucked lately by attacks. Probably better to just VPN + pub torrent.You're delusional if you think that just about any private tracker that has more than a thousand users isn't easily infiltrated by those who do all the copyright trolling. They have more resources than any of you fucking virgins that waddle your fat thumbs into IRC and say "can I haz invite" with a fucking cat jpeg on your dropbox with some ratios next to it from some other shit trackers that are also infiltrated.I wouldn't even use a private tracker nowadays without a reputable VPN like mull or nord.
install qBittorrenteverything worksdecide one day to install uTorrent one day, for old times sakeit kind of works but i get disk cache overloaded100% disk usagei have an SSD and a 500MB connectionuTorrent also struggled with finding peersdroppedreinstall qBit
Is Bitkinex better than CuteFTP?
Personally I'm just about done with private trackers since my favorite one Bib seems to be gone nowIt's not dead you stupid faggot.
stalledcrashing exploreri/o error
It is dead. All 10 of the staff that ran Bib have taken their books and ran.
[citation needed]
wtf is wrong with you all, use transmission, or transmission-qt for windows people
Its buggy af for windows
muh superior sound qualitymuh customizationI noticed no sound quality differences and I really don't care about customizing my player because my player is always in the background where I don't even see it.This shit also didnt even work out of the box and made me waste a bunch of time setting up.
felling for /g/ maymaysever
Get an older version of uTorrent. It has a better interface and works flawlessly.
superior sound qualitysaid no one ever, and if you believed some random anon here saying that... you're probably underage
superior sound quality in software is a meme on it's own. if you're using optical out you're good even with windows media player. if not you have bigger problems than shitbar or other audio player
But it has a UI. How else would you interact with the program?
too dumb to configure a torrent clientah yes, the typical μTorrent® user :^
they're not using the superior µTorrent 2.2.1wew lads
using outdated, proprietary, non-free software
2015 Not using TixatiPlebs
Isn't it b& on most trackers?
le furry pony client
You just didn't configure it correctly. qBittorent is great.
ITT: PEBKAC and butthurt tech illiterate winbabbies.
Honestly, /g/ is a technology oriented /b/, they're just as retartedinb4 botnetinb4 "hurr durr the software sux cuz itz property"These fucking retards go around calling anything that doesn't agree perfectly with their opinions, shit.
Who told you it was b& anon..?
Bitcomet tb.h fa.ms. Always get full speed on decent torrents. Can open ports if you're modem is configured to allow your pc to access it's settings remotely withut logging in, and if it's shitty via some exploits. Shitty but pretty customizable ui. Can be taxing on your whole network if it's not some capped university wifi. Can slow down your pc et al. But it's the fastest torrent client for windows. Transmission is imo the best for linux. Macs probably detect torrent stuff as trojans because muh security, muh ux.
I just looked and it's disallowed on the three private trackers I use.
what the hell did you even need to set up? it's ready to go
Using it since it came out, no viruses or ISP notices or trojan horses or FBI on my doorstep.
blue
kys retard
Using a mechanical hard drive for anything
utorrent 2.x versions are generally accepted, ya dingus
stalls torrentsI'm absolutely convinced that people are lying when they say this. I've used it for years across multiple OS installations and different computers and have never had this problem once.
qBittorrent works great for me. What browser do you use?
Always used it aside from Transmission on Linux.Are you new to computers?
They aren't lying.
qBittorrent works great for meliar
But I am using 2.2.1, anon.Pretty much the best client I know of.Just Werks™ and is accepted by all private trackers that I've seen.
Lies. I've rechecked 15GB torrents just fine.
qbittorrent doesn't seem to tell you if the tracker reports an error.
superior sound qualityYou grossly misread something anon.
qbittorrent doesn't seem to tell you if the tracker reports an error.Another reason to throw it in the trash

nice shoop / damage control
Legitimate question - why not just use Deluge? Like why is the majority of this thread just slapping over uTorrent and qB?
Been very happy with qB for a while, but recently my torrents stated stalling for no apparent reason. Looking for a replacement now
Legitimate question - why not just use Deluge?Because it's a clunky mess. I use Transmission for 10 different private trackers and it just werkz.
ugly & bloated
Are you really surprised people are having problems? Have you seen the amount of dumbshit /v/tards there are on this board?
Why are you gawking at shiny buttons and graphical menus instead of watching your movies?
Absolutely nothing is wrong with it.Complaining about it is a meme.
Try again. I've done 25GB those 3D fancy porn games with every DLC, addons, patches and mods.If you can't, next time download some files, check and download the rest and then check.
Is qB really that much less bloated though?
it worked after I uninstalled 3.3, used 3.2.5 to recheck. stopped torrent, restarted than updated.deleted my earlier posts. still to much hassle
it worked after I uninstalled 3.3,This is why you always wait for the fixed version, not a major release with lots of changes.
What browser do you use?Don't open this box of Pandora pls.
it's your fault we fucked something upyeah nah
Why did you delete this image, anon?
nope it's bloated too, difference is it's MUCH more convenient for restarting and seeding multiple torrents after moving file and shit like that. talking about "set location" optionlast time I used deluge it didn't even had this option IIRC
because it worked and I cleaned the thread after falsely accusing qb? see 
literally everything /g/ recommend is a meme, though, otherwise they wouldn't recommend it. thinkpads are a meme, linux is a meme, SSDs not being worth it is a meme, their retarded software recommendations are a meme... it goes on and on.
emacs
SSDs ARE indeed a meme, sorry that you fell for it
Your post is a meme
Poor

Cool, thanks anon
I had to force recheck every simgle torrent I was seeding whenever I restarted my laptop while using this. Never happened with Transmission or utorrent.
What?SSDs are probably THE most cost-effective upgrade you can make to a machine.If anything, it's the upgrade of choice for poorfags.
upgrade*memes*
I had to force recheck every simgle torrent I was seeding whenever I restarted my laptop while using this.Same.
G E N T O OENTOO
+1
IT HAS NO UIAre you fucking retarded?muh graphical user inferfacewhat is a keyboard
Every private tracker tells people to get 2.2.1what the fuck are you talking about.
Is that really such a huge issue in the land of the free? I'm in germany and i'm torrenting since i got my first 56k Modem when they were the hot shit back then. I mean i even know people that got busted and had to pay a fine, but they're stupid and obviously don't know how to use a pc.
Probably only poor faggots with 10 year old computers.
muh superior sound qualityDid you looked at logans shitty foobar video?Do you really believe that retard?Are you retarded??
IT HAS NO UI?
Plex media center uses mpv
They are trolling, I have had same problem with qBittorrent, whereas Deluge has given me zero problems with the same torrents on the same hardware. "Buy an SSD" is not a valid recommendation for fixing a software problem.  Transmission is breddy gud, but it feels bare-bones to me. Don't go back to uTorrent though, seriously, they have been putting awful things into that like bitcoin miners and don't care about the end user, literally everything is better just on principal.
We can change it, making it better, actually recommending good things instead of pretending to be retarded, and then being surprised when the board becomes full of actual retards.
mpv  noui.txt
Alright g, I need a hand.  I've been in IT for going on 18 years. I've been primarily a user of propriatary hardware and software. For the most part I've supported Windows environments going as far back as NT4.  I held an MCSE back when they meant something in the early 2000s. As I've progressed in my career I've added other propriatary technologies like NetApp, Netbackup, Cisco, F5, Palo Alto, VMware, Exchange etc. I'm far from a linux/unix noob but I'm nowhere near ready to call myself a proper linux admin. I've been toying with it since before there were package managers and have been a regular user since 2009 or so.I have a pretty significant homelab where I run a bunch of these technologies.  It's mostly a lab but I do have a few paying tenants to which I provide what are essentially cloud hosting services. There is a small cost associated with keeping my lab software licensed every year.  It's under $1000 and I usually get it comped by my employer. The licensing to run my tenant offerings are getting out of hand so I'm looking to find the best way to replace all my propriatary components with FOSS alternatives. Here is my stack so far.Firewall - Was Palo Alto 2050 - now pfSenseL3 Switching - is currently Avaya, no plans to change.L2 Storage Switching - is currently Gnodal, no plans to change.Storage - was NetApp - now FreeNAS, will probably be CEPH by Q1 2017.DNS - 2008r2 Domain - Need to select replacement, probably BIND.LDAP - 2008r2 Domain - Need to select replacement.Email - Exchange 2010 - Need to find a replacement that manages Email, contacts, calendar.Update - WSUS - Need to find a replacement, will probably be puppet or chef.Monitoring - Was Splunk and Tripwire - Now OSSIM, may try SEXI log and ELK.File storage - Was secured Windows shares - Need to select replacment.Hypervisor - Is currently VMware 5.5, no plans to change in the near future. Will probably move to KVM Q3 2016.
My plan is to create a new isolated tenant and replicate the features of my current lab space using FOSS software. Once I understand how to use and manage the new software I'll start migrating paying tenants to it. What software would you use to replicate each of the features I've identified as needing a replacement above? The only thing that's completely off the table is Zentyal.  I've tried using it as far back as version 3.0 and it's been a shit since then.
I wish you luck in getting your answers, but nu-/g/'s experience doesn't extend much beyond ricing wm's in gentoo on ancient ThinkPads with broken backlight inverters.
All of this
Yeah sorry OP but you're out of this board's league
I kinda figured as much but I figured I'd try for old times sake.  Old g is why I'm doing as well as I am.
DNS - 2008r2 Domain - Need to select replacement, probably BIND.LDAP - 2008r2 Domain - Need to select replacementFile storage - Was secured Windows shares - Need to select replacment..Samba 4 with BIND and OpenLDAPEmail - Exchange 2010 - Need to find a replacement that manages Email, contacts, calendar.Kolab
Stop projecting and speak for yourself.
Out of all the things you wrote about the only one I've ever heard about is VMware, KVM and Exchange.
Honestly OP, reddit would be a better place for such questions.
that's too advanced for /g/m8...
My ThinkPad is LED backlit, you piece of shit.
You probably won't find a good replacement to Exchange.
ITT: We wait for Zen.What are your expectations, /g/
expensive, mediocre performance and powerhungry
hopefully it'll be good and able to bounce amd back into the business, really tired of jewtel's crap
Ivy bridge tier performanceskylake pricesstave off bankruptcy for 3 yearssell radeon technologiessell patent portfoliogo into liquidation/bought over , kept as a shell company.
wait for zenbecome zenreach enlightenmentcpus don't matter no more
no more amdone step closer to one world everything
amd will sponsor a new book:zen and the art of motherboard maintenance
Disappointment but what amd needs to start a comeback
implying that a monopoly is a good thing/reddit/
That marketingTop kek
Which keyboard is better and why is it the chicklet style?
chicklet style keyboardsoh fuck me, I'd rather type raw ASCII codes byte by byte on a 0/1 keyboard that have to deal with that shit

laptop diesbuy actual PCtoo used to laptop keyboard, normal keyboard feels wrongI'll get used to it but it sucks for now
Get a wrist rest.
After Topre and MX brown switches, good chiclets are actually quite nice to use. I don't understand where the hate-boner comes from.
It's nothing to do with that, it's the keys.
Just not durable, or suitable for sustained use.I break the space and enter keys on them or at least, I did on the two I used before I went glorious mechanical keyboard master race
postulating an initial open ended question then changing the question to one that seeks validation for your own opinionated answer to the initial question, disregarding that the initial question is open ended and has no definitive correct answer
Maybe try not hitting the keys so hard.
Generic dell keyboards are way better than chicklet crap, and probably cheaper
Then stop sperging out on your fucking keys like a neanderthal.
which is betterwhy is chicklet betterOP is confirmed faggot
i like buckling springs and black alps.but i love the short travel of scissor switches
Cherry MX or GTFO
I remember when I ordered a C2D Macbook back in the day. Looking at pictures I thought the 'chicklet' ketboard looked so odd, and I was worried if I'd get used to it. Of course in the end it was totally fine.
it all depends on the quality of the keyboardfor instance, apple chiclet boards are leagues ahead of whatever logitech membrane bullshit that gets recommended here for a budget boardbut, it still doesn't compare to the feel of a nice topre board type heaven, happy hacking, etc.
How do you cope with the fact it is nearly impossible to come up with something useful that is not built already?It happens every time, I thought about creating a program where you can add keywords and it would monitor the web for new mentions with cron every few hours or something.Turns out Google Alerts exists...... Then a web app that keeps your bookmarks organized in categories, with descriptions and the ability to watch the content directly in iframes. I actually have and use that one but I know similar stuff exists, although its not the same at least.So,  I haven't created nothing much as my side project because I always want to build just something that is at least a tiny bit innovative and useful to me. And I'm not a computer scientist so I can't care much about something really scientific and mathematical, I always think about something productive for the wider public.The bad thing is, those two things I mentioned are quite simple to do, so idk how much knowledge it shows.
The way I cope with it is that I know I'll need to accept the normie life goal. Join in on an already big company or project instead of trying to make my own. The way I see it you have two options. 1. Join an existing company and make money 2. Try to start a competing companyFor the latter,  try not to go for things like social media where it's universally used.  For instance, trying to start a garage that does car tuning.  Then move on to repair and parts fabrication. Take the route Hennessey did and start producing your own cars.  Get a good designer and after some success,  apply for a loan to start a small manufacturing plant. Built cars and get a bigger loan for a bigger plant. If it doesn't go as fast as possible pass the company to your kid and maybe your kid will produce the next big manufacturer like ford but without all of the innovation history. BTW that's my plan so fuck off and pick something else likes shoes you fairy.
Nothing does exactly what I want perfectly. Find out about things like Google Alerts and then start thinking about what you'd like it to do that it doesn't. Then find things that fill that space. Then code up the stuff that doesn't exist.It's not that complicated. It just takes time. If you found you needed to code up a script literally every morning you would never get any real work done.Stop looking for nails for your hammer. Just have your hammer handy.
I used to be naive like you OP. I would always come up with ideas and invetions but would quickly realize they already exist. Unless you are some kind of genius, you wont contribute anything to the betterment of society. Just like a normie life and move on I suppose
cant find a small sony coffee mugarbrbrbrbar all i can find are telephoto thermos type mugs
You likely won't come up with the Next Big Thing.But for side projects, who cares? Attempt to clone software that already exists. That's a great way to learn and practice - and maybe in the process you'll think up new features or ideas.Don't bank on striking it rich with some idea, but don't let the abundance of software already available prevent you from making your own implementations.
Gl anon
What a terrible way to look at it. Improve upon what exists already or recreate your own version anyways.
Right now I'm behind a checkout counter selling those cups to people. Well, those and other things people buy from us.
So contribute to existing software, build on an existing paradigm, automate your workflow, or make dream versions of software you use. You're just making excuses not to code.
I have had a few novel ideas, but I've never had the skills to pull them off.At the moment, I have a novel idea for a volumetric display. But I know nothing about optics, so I can't build it.
Your ideas may not be original, but the execution can be. If you can't think of a way to implement it differently then pay someone who can.
, 
When are they going to make TB floppies?
After they finish producing 32 GB Write Only Memory sticks.
Arent tape drives still popular for longterm backups?
Hey /g/ its recycle day in my city and someone tossed an air conditioner. Are there any good electronics inside that I could salvage or is it all just mechanical shit? Pic unrelated.
Just give it back, Jamal.Also, go back to stealing iPhones.

someone wearing a hoodie would let them copyinb4 stereotypesalsousing a starter pack meme for a thread imagekek'd
Aww, were you a rolling-backpackfag, anon?
actually, I was being clothist and secretly racist on a board known for being racist, but I'm fine with that coverup
