 
 
 
Post your waifu and I'll fap to her 
go away weeb cretin 
the fucks a waifu? 
Have at it 
 
 
GIVEAWAY TIME /b/ros   
 btw each dubs gets a key, post your steam 
be thankfull for an awp or something. Dunno if it's fake ,worth a try 
pls  
dubs get 
hey /b/ are there any real nudes of Chloe Moretz? Haven't found any so far. 
 bumping for interest 
 take it or leave it 
 She'll slip up soon 
 That's a horrible fake... 
The day her nudes area leak is the day I pull an all week wank 
 
  
 
 What do you think you stupid fucking cunt? She's a successful and under aged actress. Ffs, get in the real world and stop pulling your pathetic excuse for a cock. 
 She's 18 tard. 
She's 18 
 A simple google search of her age would've made you seem like less of a dickhead. 
 is that real? 
 Yeah 
Hey /b/ I'm writing an essay about how the Bible applies to real life. This is for a religion class. Help give me some ideas, thnx 
Just write about the 10 commitments. Basically all laws in the universe we know is guided by them. Do not kill, do not steal, do not do other bad things etc. So everywhere you go in the world you know that if you follow the rule of 10 you will be fine. So the Bible kind of works as a travel guide in that sense. 
 A huge part of the US is Christian, and essentially formed all of Western culture.  Just don't come off as a tradfag. 
 I dont want to write about how the religious aspect of the bible applies to the real world 
 '   Such a cunt. 
 god doesnt exist, therefore there is no reason to derive your morals from the bible thats fucking stupid 
 ebin 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
What are these bumps 
 have the same, anon, but slightly reduced. it comes from shaving, sometimes hairs use to stay so short that the skin grow over them faster than they grow themselves, that how that bumps come. 
Molluscum contagiosum ...  Usually kids have it on their arms, but adults get it through sex... it can be treated in a month with freezing, go to a doc  Source, im a medstudent 
 Better get to a doctor...looks like genital warts??? Or could be harmless milia??? Anyways...u don't want ur dick falling off, so u should go see a doctor.... 
Have like two of these along with regular fordyce spots. Always presumed they were an enlarged form 
 Early stage Fourniers Gangerene. Google image search should confirm. Easy to treat. 
Beginning of herpes 
 dick cancer 
 Yes, that looks like it. I'll get it treated right away 
 Aids. Have fun dying 
 My luck, you're probably right 
 I will 
 This man speaks the truth - Molluscum Contagiosum. At least it isn't the herp-a-derp.  Source: Treating a patient with this - and it can take months to over a year to treat depending on how long you go before seeing a doctor (which allows it to spread.) Each spot has to be frozen twice during the same visit. The area dies off, gets scaby, and then heals. 
 Sounds exciting. Guess I'll go see my doctor. How awkward 
 better to explain to doctor who cannot tell anyone than to a gf who will tell everyone after you break up. 
OP! I know what that is! It's mollescum contagiosum and you got it from sticking your dick somewhere you shouldn't! I've had it for about 6 months, I got it from some ho when I was at a party. It hurts to pop those and they have these little waxy blobs inside. It takes forever to go away, like 6 week to 2 years, but your body should eventually get rid of it. I went to planned parenthood dreading warts, but that's not what I had! You'll live op, but wrap it up next time yo. 
 You got the HPV my man, hopefully you don't play with your ass and get them up in there too. 
Fordyce spots? 
HPV fag here, they look like warts but usually warts are brownish in color. I could be wrong better check with the doc 
Are you ready? 
 
   wat do 
  Underage banned 
360 degrees turn and walk away 
  How does wearing Hello Kitty tights make this entirely straight? 
 For this one the moonwalk would be appropriate. Fuckin traps everywhere, bleh! 
Be glad you don't have a sister.  Pound that boi pussi. 
 be proud of my brother 
 Pound that into oblivion. 
 jesus man, you'd walk right back into her. 
 There is no her here. 
 just a regular day with a regular couple of minutes to not speak of to anyone 
 Fuck that ass like there's no tomorrow, then pimp him and make profit. 
can we just have a little chat on faggots dressing like that 
        makes perfect sense to me, champ. 
solve it /b/ 
 nigger take your math homework for underaged and solve it by yourself 
  do i look like i can do this shit nigga? 
Do your own fucking homework. I didn't finish high school to help some kid with their quartics. 
Lol. You can sort of see his attempt on the back side of the paper. Fucking sad OP 
 If you need help with that just give up 
     Y'all dumbfuck niggas 
use (a+b)^3 = a^3 + 3*a^2*b + 3*a*b^2 + b^3 bitch 
not wanna be mean but that shit´s easy 
  
 Look at these quads. 
 
 
 
 
 
Curved (upwards) or straight? Let's be objective.  Which one is generally better for women? Post real pros and cons from each one, always based on FACTS. 
 
 
bump 
bump2 
   anon, don't be ridiculous. 
Curvedfag here. I'd rather have it be straight. It'd be 10x easier to stick my dick in things. 
 curved for women and straight for faps 
 got dubs too, winrar 
anyone curved tried doggystyle? how was it? 
 curved, cus there are no straight lines in nature lel 
  curved is best for missionary, head bumping straight on Gpoint 
  
 Me and my gf do it all the time. We didn't have problems honestly. She likes it 
 sure fag 
 a reply. 
 is it comfortable to stick it in there with a curved one? I mean, does your penis allow your body to be like in a 90º angle with her bent body?? 
I hate having a dick that just points up when hard. Scares the crap out of me when a girl quickly changes positions and starts bending my dick down. 
curved and crooked are completely different :) 
Curved downwards here... made girls orgasm like crazy doggy style 
all you gotta do is flip the bitch over 
Surely curved would be better if you like to fuck standing up. 
There's a pornstar with a curved penis that's basically been black listed because his dick hurts the wemyns. It's not just an upwards curve though I believe it's a little too the side too. Can't remember the faggots name, but I'm sure some anon will.   Either way be careful. 
 Always wanted to try it (me curved upwards) 
My ex gf said she loved her ex bfs upward curved dick more than mine. She said she liked it doggy style the best, but even with me she liked it doggy style. So I assume the upward curve was doing something for her either way. Depends on the shape of the pussy I guess. 
 it's fine, I don't feel any discomfort 
  Yes... The shape of the pussy... Watch out when you start fucking ducks... Their vaginas are shaped into a corkscrew... For easy access of course. 
 Im not sure it looks uncomfortable 
How do Europeans feel about the flood of Muslims entering your country? Has the enlightened highground been working for you? Sweden(now the rape capital of Europe) is set to be cucked out of their own country within less than 20 years. 
 
 Die 
  The Nigerian "refugees" here (Ireland) have gotten so mad about Syrians stealing not only their thunder but their welfare benefits as well so they've started to argue, riot and fight amongst each other.  The odd thing about it is Syrians and other welfare migrants from Saharan Africa keep being found face down in bogs half frozen or half eaten by maggots.  Hey...less niggers/sandniggers in my country is a good thing, we're poor enough and our economy is total shite so the more corpses they find there's a job opening somewhere here for an indigenous person to fill.  Seriously though, fuck them all. 
  If you could get them to fight eachother to the death that'd be cool. But it seems many countries in Europe do not have that luxury. 
Not that Muslims aren't a significant factor in real rape, but you should also know that, based on recent changes to Swedish law, any man caught engaging a prostitute is now liable to be prosecuted as a rapist. So the numbers are now skewed by Swedish feminist law. 
  Sounds like Sweden is being attacked from all angles if that's the case. 
  The better question is, if male, why haven't you converted yet? 
 
Please Help annyone know her ? .. 
 Yes 
 Yes, someone does. 
whos her ? .. name ? more pics ? 
 Yes, we all do. 
  bones lend italians your waste 
Snorl4x aka Caroline Mosley lurk moar 
dunnow her name 
 Yeah, she reminds me of a person I'm going to fap to later. 
haven't see that one 
nice 
 
 
Hey hey USA.  How many kids will you kill today? 
 Can we all just agree that it's not America that has a gun problem, its the world that has a people problem. 
 You mean America that has a people problem. There are other countries where many people own guns yet it seems only Americans are hell bent on shooting each other every week or so. 
 I'm also pretty fucking sure if a kid walked into a gun store and asked to buy a gun, there would be a resounding no. so this picture is bullshit from the start. None of them are sold to kids. 
 Wow 
  You're also American. 
 They could just pick up a relatives gun. There are many recorded incidents where kids have got a hold of someone's gun and shot themselves or someone else accidentally. 
 
 But adults let their children play with assault rifles, they've posted videos of their little brats firing them. 
 Natural selection. 
 gb2britian royal subject.  citizens gotta citizen 
 the idea I'm getting at is the kinder chocolate was SPECIFICALLY made to attract children. It's chocolate, it's a toy, kids love it. I don't know too many kids who are like "omg mommy, daddy! I want the assault rifle!!"  I don't get why they removed the chocolates in the first place. You'd have to be a pretty dumb kid to eat the toy and choke on it. In that case I'll refer to Darwin's law of natural selection..  But comparing the two is stupid. 
 
So sky news think Ghost sec represent the express high command of Anonymous. PAHAHHAHAHAHAAA! 
'  or   
Spiderman thread? 
 
 
Anyone want to rate her? 
  
Very serious 
 
Face or gtfo 
 its rape, bro check your spell checker 
ITT: We pretend we're in a waiting room. 
 
I dropped my dubs SOMEONE HELP ME FIND THEM 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 I've spent my fair share of time in waiting rooms across multiply hospitals during leukemia.  I could be Oplymian Gold medal finalist if it was a actual sport. 
 
 
   
 
 Here, take mine. 
' 
'   
  
      
  
  
  I wish to surprise my proctologist 
*hushed phone call.* "...what do you mean it's contagious?" 
 
 
Guess her name and I'll post her nudes 
Lost my virginity last friday is it just me or is sex super overrated? 
If you dont love the person, its overrated. Lost it a couple months ago and it was eh, just something I can say I've done 
First time is always your worst, it gets so much better. Sex is one of those things that doesn't promise anything, it ranges from being shit to one of the best experiences you can have 
  '  Truer words have never been spoken. On one extreme you can do it and just go through the mechanics and at the other extreme is the perfect storm of encounters (your 10/10 girl, right mood, right settings, properly turned on, etc, etc).  Just give it some time. If you find someone that you care about and that cares about you it definitely gets better. 
can anyone tell me if this is legit or nah... i mean the page looks preety good, don't know why someone would take so much time to make something for a scam...  
Why would anyone just create an elaborate website on the internet just to scam? That shit takes days to make. You are safe. 
 nothing is free in life 
 Except herpes 
Have you ever been laughed at for your penis dimensions? I mean in any situation, it can be with a girl, or with guys at the gym... How did you cope with it? 
i have a small dick and it never happened. Only once a girl told me that i'm a bit small...but then i fucked her and she told me that i'm a good fucker 
Never made fun of for it. I have 3 inches erect but im also fat so i actually have 2 more unused inches inside my fat. Girls dont really grief you about it unless theyre a size queen. Im actually into sph so i wouldnt even mind if if happenes as long as i still got to have sex. Me and my current gf experimented with sph and while it was hot as fuck, i think she was humoring my fetish more than anything. I bought her an 8 inch dildo to use to make up for my small dick but almost every time i offer to bring it out, she says she would rather me fuck her. she would rather have my dick than something twice as big so thats fine by me. 
  Moral of the story OP, girls like big dicks and will never admit it to someone with a small one, but 90% of the time they dont give a fuck as long as youre good at sex and leave them feeling satisfied. 
What drugs did you did yesterday?  I'll start tromidol, xanax and reefer! 
none of you faggots can remember what you did yesterday? 
I drank some beer and took a melatonin sleeping pill, does that count? 
 Caffiene and Claritan 
  No Sir, products you buy at vitamin shoppe do not count. 
You spent your day being a numb and mindless degenerate. Consider suicide. 
   
Ganja and ghb 
 Do you mean tramadol? 
  Wow OP is such a cool guy! 
 sorry bro, the trap thread is over there === yeah I can't spell for shit  Not today  How was the trip? 
Cocaines, Alcohols and a spliff to try get to sleep 
Alcohol.  Anything else is for faggots. 
 Greentxt what you did on coke, haven't touched the shit in years but I do miss those day 
 What about martinis? Those are for fags 
 Yeah you would know where the trap thread is considering your candy ass just crawled out of it. 
I didn't do any drugs yesterday as I'm a responsible adult and was at work making lots of money. 
 *autism intesifies* 
 Says the faggot using a stale meme 
  How bout right this minute? That count?  Coke and PBR  PBR bc coke 
  
    
Silisibe mushrooms, first time. It was wierd. Drew this while on it haha 
 Oh ok. So how is tramadol? Say compared to oxy? Been thinking about trying it since I found a pretty cheap source. 
 caffeine xD Xd 
 caffeine in the form of coffee and nicotine in the form of gum.  Yesterday was a Monday I don't need real drugs until around Thursday. 
Xanax and weed 
 Hahahahahaha! Tramadol is for little faggots! Literally the worst opioid closely followed by codeine and it's derivates then hydrocodone and oxycodone. 
 Learn to spell, moron. 
Yesteday, I got high on life. The day before yesterday , I got high on Jesus. 
 
   Topkek 
 Tramadol * 
 Fuck off randy and your life 
 Fuck off 
  bud and ~260ug of acid 
 Holy shit, how fucking retarded or illiterate are you? Oxy is the best out of shitty opioids. I feel bad for you for not being able to comprehend basic english. Do i need to spell it out for you? Oxycodonehydrocodonecodeine (dihidro-, -phosphate, nor- etc.)tramadol. Now go and enjoy your shitty opis with no legs, faggot! 
Painkillers and some weed . 
have fun? 
  see  
CBD tincture and lots of IB profen.  Medicine makes the world go 'round. 
 about 10 beers and 2 joints. still having headache 
Would you fuck Martha Stewart? She's 74 btw. 
I'd fuck her ass so hard she'd be shitting muffins for a month 
 yessss would kiss her before some passionate vag sex 
Fuck yes! We need some more mature milf pictures up in here too! 
 More like GILF 
Might bang, but would lose boner if she started telling me how to fuck 
 Well that's random. 
 i need to see a tabloid pic before i can say yes 
YLYL Nigger edition    
I fell in love in porn star. I love her for almost 5 years, and secretly from my gf fap to her videos and photos.  What should I do? 
  ' 
 realize that you're too young to differentiate love and sexual attraction and be more skeptical of your feelings in future relationships. 
 I am 25, and my beloved is 25 too. 
 my gf's estranged sister is a pornstar. once i found out, been fapping to her in secret. 
 
Any of you guys got a SuicideGirls account i can borrow or can you send me sets? thanks 
 
anyone know who the girl is or the name of the video? 
HOLY SHIT YOU GUYS ITS ACTUALLY FUCKING HAPPENING.  class="quote">date on caption under top pic  
 Confirmed The USS Eldridge has returned 
 lmao how is this 3.5 billion ship supposed to catch terrorists ? mericaaaah 
 Is it supposed to? 
sera hundido por un submarino ruso 
 Quints checke'd 
 Fuck, my first ever. 
Where's the guns? 
 nice quints but there are no army in the world to fight building ships is throwing money out the windows stupid tax payers 
 Hidden. 
 The money appropriated for these boondoggles creates more jobs for many states, which makes it easier for some politicians to be reelected. 
 Russia? China? 
 
 
Ok /b/, here is my situation.  I'm from Norway and everyone in my bloodline is norwegian. I have fucking triple checked this shit. But my cousin met some Bulgarian dude on holiday, they married in both Bulgaria and Norway and all that shit.  A couple days ago we were informed that my cousin is pregnant. This means our clean aryan blood will be tainted. I have never tought about this before, but now I don't want some filthy mixed race in my family.  Thoughts? 
Fuck/marry/kill. Which, why and how? 
Fuck middle, marry left. Kill right 
I will not be forced to do any of those things to those "women" op. 
marry middle  analy destroy right  point blank headshot left 
Dog / girl thread? 
mods 
 Listen OP. We all know you are too scared to watch the video online, so you just downloaded the nearest thumbnail you could find by typing in 'Girl with dog (not into beastiality xDDXXDDd)' and want people on 4chan to post some .webms. However, you just need to go and watch it online, despite the angry FBI, good luck. 
 watching Beastiality vids isnt even illegal in most of the US. Downloading and Distributing Beastiality vids and pics is ofcourse illegal. 
There's this gypsy girl in my school that keeps bullying me. She punches me, slaps me, teases me, makes fun of me, takes my money and food, etc. and if I try to stand up to her, all the boys in my class start going apeshit and start beating me up because "I should never try to stand up to a girl". Fucking "macho-men, alpha" cunts, these animals can't even controll their primitive instincts. And the gypsy girls is the WORST. I FUCKING HATE THIS PLACE! Yes, I live in Romania.   fucking gypsy creature 
 Rape her  That'll teach her  Plus she's a gypsy so who cares 
    dude, you're a gypsy too 
 Shit on your food.  also get b child. 
 Do you honestly think that I would put my clean dick in suck a creature? 
stand up for yourself, kick her in the fucking cunt 
underage, reported. 
Make friends with a big black girl who is bigger than her. Ask her to beat her up for you. 
 Your romanian, your as scuzzy as she is  But those girls are kinky as hell 
 Doar futei un cap in gura. Aia sunt niste ratati, nici vorba ca le pasa de aia. Tiganca e doar un animal, stai calm si doar futei vreo doua daca te deranjeaza. Si daca chiar nu crezi ca ai putere sa o bati spunei profesoarei in pula mea. 
 Și crezi ca nu i-am spus directoarei? Dar o doare fix în cur. Dar la ce să mă aștept cu un sistem educational ca asta. 
 Cati ani ai? Scrie in roamneste sa nu iei ban :)). Oricum cand scapi de liceu si de toata treaba esti liber sa faci ce vrei, tiganii sunt o minoritate si ca om adult n-o sa ai nici-o treaba niciodata nicaieri cu ei... sa te doara vesnic in pula de rasa lor si sa n-ai niciodata de a face ceva cu ei. 
 don't stand up to her.  the next time she lays hands on you, YOU go apeshit crasy, beat the shit out of her, any boys start shit with you, start beating the shit out of their balls (don't bother a upright fight, go the the weakspot and be done with it) 
Burn her up, gipsy like fire 
 Stai calm oricum dupa ce termini scoala o sa te doara in cur. Probabil aia o sa suga pula la un colt si o sa aibe 19 puradei si o sa o bata sotul. 
 Șaisprezece ani. Bine, dar asta tot înseamnă că trebuie să mai stau pe lângă jegoșii ăștia timp de de ani. Bag pula în viata mea. Cui dracu' sa-i spun ca ma ia la bătaie o fată? Rasa jegoasa 
Any man who can't put a woman in her place when she deserves it, is no fucking man.  There's a fine line between respecting a woman and giving her a few well deserved slaps across the face when she's being a fucking cunt and expecting no consequences for her actions.  Beat all of their sorry asses. 
 buy liquid ass spray and dump the bottle on her one day. 
 make a video of yourself jizzing on your food  then when she takes it and eats it  show everyone the video 
this is a simple problem to fix slap the bitch tell her she your new whore and look at the nearest dude that,s about to say something and tell him she is 5$ a pop.imply shes really bad that"s why she is such a cheap whore. 
 De ce nu te transeri la alt liceu? E foarte simplu sa te transferi, eventual te poti duce la ceva si mai chill daca ai bani du-te la privat si stai acasa sa-ti faci singur lecturile si sa-ti gandesti un scop. Daca nu recomand sa te muti la un liceu cu standarde mai inalte, n-ai sa gasesti retardati acolo doar ca ca o sa te futa la creier profesorii. 
 Nu prea ai de ales decat sa ii futi palme si sa o bati. Futei un pumn cand nu se asteapta, dar sa fie in cap si de mai multe ori. Spunele parintilor oricum, dracu la 16 ani nu te consideri 'matur' cat sa-ti rezolvi problemele singur. 
 *asta* 
All of you fagots shaming Op as if he's afraid of her.  He's afraid of the white knights protecting her. He's afraid of the school administrators protecting her. He's afraid of the cops protecting her.   He's not afraid of her. She's surrounded by body guards and she knows it. 
  
 This isn't a bad idea, actually. The white knights protecting her wont' lay a finger on another girl hitting her. 
 M-am gândit sa ma mut la un alt liceu, dar nu am făcut-o pana acum. Dar chestia privata suna fain. Banii nu sunt o problema și as putea sa măștia mut la un liceu privat. I clasele 1-3 an fost la o școală privata (asta ar și explica și tendințele mele de a fi un pussy). O sa îl conving pe tata sa ma mute la unul privat. Mersi pentru ajutor :) 
 This guy is either fking retarded or a troll , most probably a troll 
 Cu ce medie se intra la liceul tau? 
 Easy '     The key for the plan is: you have to look like a damn psychopath, that is Extremely cold Or Like a typical madman, just out of your mind etc  
    Fuck off with your bullshit stories op 
 6,81 
 Romanians compose a huge percentage of 4chan shitposting, it's usually Romanians who also make gypsy memes or Australians... sometimes Canadians and it's ok because we're the shitposting trio. 
 k sefu' succesuri 
 Pff trebuia sa iei si tu o medie mai mare deaia dai de toti cretinii astia la liceu. Din ce oras esti? 
 Brașov 
 always funny when the niggers of europe are proud of their shitstain of a country... 
 ahahahahahahaahaaha  merg emoticoanele pe b? isi bate o fata joc de tine si tu stai capra la tot ce face fagariotule. iesi in pula mea de aici ca patezi pana si ultimu strop de mandrie care l mai avem. in locu lu tactu daca veneai la mine si mi ziceai ca te bate o fata te fardam,te futeam in cur si te lasam in pula goala n clasa sa te futa si colegii.  
 This 
 Romania is literally the toilet of Europe. 
  
Fuck with her back. Smack her ass and shit. She just wants you to play, stop being a pussy. grab her by her hair and finger fuck her then spit in her mouth and leave. be a man 
 Butthurt retard detected 
 
 
 Have you even considered to get a job maybe? And travel the world??? 
 
 Seems better to me, than investing money into a thing (a selfie stick), which they probably not use frequently. 
   butthurt romanians... keep telling yourself you're better than gypsies. It's like rednecks in Alabama... missing all but one tooth and fuck their retarded sister, but hey "At least I'm not a nigger" 
Get a gun and threaten to kill her if she touches you again you fucking european cuck 
 now you're just grasping for straws 
 Follow her Find a location where she is alone ??? Profit 
 european here. roamanacken not are europens! 
 just as murica has their niggers we got the gipsys ' murica was a shithole,home of the slaves deci prin urmare esti un homosexual futut in cur,daca nu poti intelege un lucru atat de simplu iti bag un cric in gura si ma pis adanc la tine n stomac sa topesc mai repede fast foodu. use google translate,its totally worth it  
 You are butthurt I just given you a suggestion on how traveling across world holds potential in curing your retardism. Using memes as facts for life means you're really retarded, beyond recovery.  Are you turk european? 
 ? It could be a financially good decision they took. 
 Coaie în ce clasă ești? 
 put rat poison in your lunch youre welcome 
nigga, be a man. you know what to do. 
 Amen! 
 sit down you half retarded inbred autistic piece of shit you're allowed to tell your opinion when you'll learn the language 
give her Sprite with cyanide in it 
 Yes. Be racist but don't forget to be specific...you Niggers. 
 a school shootout would be good idea. ask someone from /b 
 R9K 
 I've visited your "country" and I got to say I'm not impressed. Actually I've been to almost every European country and romania is the toilet of Europe. 
 Tigan nebun.   
you reposted this from pol fuck off cunt. 
 Do you know you can't do shit, right? If you defend yourself her family, like a big brother, cousin or even all of them are going to beat the shit out of you.   Talk with your father, explain what is happening, I know you fear he is going to feel disappointed or some shit like that but your father knows very well how they are. Maybe an school change is good. 
seems like they are amused by seeing you bullied and don't want to stop it, i went to a romanian high school too (UCECOM spiru haret), it's just the way romanian kids are by nature, I'm sorry poponare 
you should move to Bulgaria 
 Explain why, it really done nothing. Throughout history it never conquered anyone, it stopped the Turks from invading Europe. It got fucking rekt by communism, after 1990 it gold sold out by the pseudo-capitalism ( acutally 40% of agricultural landmass are in foreign property )  You just hate it because you're anti-intellectual.  Yet I love this place... Mainly I love it for its apostolic orthodox church. 
de unde ești? :)) 
 not the guy you were replying to, but still: pathetic romanian loser. Just deal with the fact that the rest of europe sees no fucking difference between a romanian and a gypsie because the difference exists mostly in the heads of romanians, so they don't have to feel as shitty about their miserable lives. 
 this 
 so much this. I can't stand all the fucking romanians coming to my beloved Germany, begging for some shit. Just work like we do. 
   OP is a liar 
 you guys clearly dont understand how gypsy communities work. if OP does something to her,he will get rekt by someone in her family .They don't fear the police because prison to them means they will meet their families.get shelter and free food so they got nothing to lose Op is probably some rocker and that's why she picks on him 
 Nu îți dai seama ca tipul e troll 
 Romaine lettuce just wanders on my plate. I eat the shit out of it. 
Invite her somewhere completely alone with no witnesses with the promise of money and talk it out with her, turn her to your side and get laid or ask her what she is going through that makes her behave like that.  If she tries to attack you with no witnesses, you're free to knock her the hell out and conduct some sort of ultimatum. Have contingencies for all outcomes including her gathering family for revenge. If you're weak, knock her out with a hard object.  Your best bet would be subdue, handcuffs without an emergency release could also be helpful but don't even show them until she is disoriented or they could use them on you. Negotiate, don't resort to extreme violence... it would just come back to bite you. 
Disregard advice, poast hot gypsy grills. 
Similar thing happened to me when I was at school except it wasn't a girl it was a kid 2 years younger than me. All the kids in my year would get him to swing for me and if I defended myself they'd beat me and call me a pussy for beating on a kid younger than me. End of the day I was gonna get beaten either way so I just hammered the younger kid so bad he'd think twice about letting the older kids use him to bully me. Yeah I got beat but every time they came after me they knew I'd fight back so eventually they left me alone and picked on some other kid who wouldn't fight back.   Also why do you even go to school? You don't need a degree to stand on cricklewood high street till your picked up for a day labour do you? 
Only a ignorant faggot or a troll would say romanians=gypsies 
 You are all gypsy parasites in my eyes and you all need to be removed like the filth you are 
 this guy get's it 
 only romanians would say romanians!=gypsies 
 Your are a inbred troll in my eyes and you should be removed for the filth you are. 
 U could sook about it on a shitty anonymous image board or u could man the fuck up and realise gypsy witch is wanting your man balls for mouthwash 
 Fucking programming faggot 
 Read the tabs xD 
 German here. People here even prefer arabs to romanians. 
 read the filename. lurk moar newfag  
sok románnal volt már dolgom, azt kell h mondjam eléggé szellemi fogyatékos nagyrészük. és alád szarnak jopofizashoz nagyon ertetek 
 TWO WORLD WARS AND ONE WORLD CUP DOO DAAA DOO DAA 
 She looks rather hot, offer her money for a good fuck. Oh and stop coming to my country you fucking romanian animals. Greets from Germany 
 You’re so autistic 
 Samefag 
 And yet again - leaders of Europe. 
 
 We know, you are the shame of europe traitor scum. You dont know what you have in your hands, hanz, but it is going to explode and then you will understand. The bad thing is that it will affect the rest of europe, good job. Keep sucking turkish, jew and arab cocks. Fucking cucks. 
 Romanian shit eating gypsy 
What id give to be interacting with a girl with a phat ass...  Anyways, OP, she probably wants to fuq you too classic tsundere 
   Stay mad, we decide (being the factual leaders of Europe) 
   Nah, more than mad I am worried, but you are the one that is going to cry like a whore. 
Degeneratilor 
 It's like this: Some arab dude might chop my head of if I bang his sister. Ok, I can respect that. A romanian guy will try to sell me his sisters scanky pussy for 10€ so he can sniff some glue... 
 Beat the shit out of your biggest and strongest classmate when she start shit to you. And later accuse her of causing it. 
 Romanians are the descendants of the Romans, Gypsies are the descendants of Indians. 
 I'd rather be inbred than a gypsy/romanian. In my country we spit on you and in some cases run you over or pour acid on you 
Nice stale pasta m8. Go back to /pol/ 
 In your country you probably suck Muslim cock and visualize the delusion you just uttered. 
  False. An arab guy will kill his sister for being a slut. You obviously dont know shit.  Romanians in my country are two kinds. The gypsy which is not romanian, they all act in the same way in every country, and the true romanian which very much like any eastern european.  You dont know shit, you better keep betraying europe or merkel will get mad. 
  wtf is this bullshit 
  
 Till you get out of hand and need to be put in your place again. Make sure you behave like the good little cuck you are now. 
   the biggest betrayal was when they allowed a country like romania into the eu. 
 If Merkel gets mad we will stop giving your poor excuse of a country a whole lot of money. Enjoy exklusively eating donkey shit then. 
To the German faggots: fucking really?  It's true. Real Romanians look like Poles or Hungarians. The gyps are from India. Get over it. Also stop being cucks.  To the OP: again, I must stress. Stop being a faggot. She clearly wants the D. Fuck her silly then ignore her. If she starts shit call her out on it in public. Also, defend yourself. Any cuck who tells you that you shouldn't should get decked himself. Just start knocking dudes out then run and build distance between you and them. They'll leave you alone eventually. 
 You obviously ain't tapped any of that Romanian pussy. The more of that gash in the UK the better. 
 Says who? If you are American by any chance: you fat faggots aren't fit enough to fight any kind of real war. 
 It means she likes you retard... 
 Kek. U mad? U mad. Not amerifat but you know you cucks have to behave. Don't get invaded again after you act all big. 
   just one? 
 ass fuck her 
 Okay, thanks for the advice. Chances are high you are from some eastern european country that either capitulated or was burned to ashes by our glorious troops. You stay mad 
 Arabs cause other kinds of problems but petty crimes like pick pocketing, aggressive begging etc. are 100% romanians here in Germany. And yes, I realize that some of them are gypsies, but the vast majority of those gangs are not.  Somehow no other nationality is so much in denial about the way other nations perceive them.  For fucks sake, when they needed a place that looked shitty for borats village, they went straight to romania. 
 i think you are just someone that gets bullied, you probably will all your life, atleast this one might have a nip slip while shes pounding you, later on they wont be so feminine, take this has your only opportunity for female contact, things are only gonna get worse for you 
 haha this is sooo true! 
 I only suck white cocks and sometimes animal cocks:^) The resistance here is growing and will soon move 
 Yep, I second this 
 STAB HER 
  '   
  TOP KEK 
 This is exactly what I was think, KEK 
 She looks fuckable. What are you waiting for to give her the D?   Don't come with . You're Romanian. Which means you almost count as a Gypsy. 
 Good you survived through this. 
 '  Grab her and kiss her. Its what she really wants. 
 steal her food, call her a cunt, then an hero all over her. then nobody will mess with u! 
What she is doing ? 
      Nigger can't spell Booga booga 
fellow romanians, stop biting that bait  if someone says that "romanians are gypsies", he is either a troll or incredibly stupid 
 A bottle of vodka, better gasoline, a cloth wet in gasoline, stick in, light it, throw at her fucking convoi. Enjoy school without her. 
Tell her to go ask for money off of tourists like a good gypsy 
 living in denial... We're not saying you are gypsies, we're just saying that your behavior is indistinguishable from that of a gypsy 
 Stealing the oil from candles. 
   Faggots don't even know the difference between romanians and gypsies There are many gypsies but romanians are blue/green eyed white masterrace 
 sad troll  every romanian hates gypsies 
 You all gypsy... I don't say you all gypsy I just say you all behave like gypsy because you all gypsy.. .SHEEEIT 
 If you're not even from europe then fuckoff Otherwise educate yourself 
 yeah you always feel less shitty if there's someone to look down on. doesn't make you less shitty in the eyes of everyone else. tell yourself that we're all just trolling or whatever makes you feel good about yourself.  to the rest of the world, there is only one subtle difference between a gypsy and a romanian: the romanian will differentiate between the a gypsy and a romanian. 
 Thats... Not how it works faggot. 
 not every Romanian hates gypsies not every English man hates English gypsies i know 
 hurr durr but they are not like us...  to the rest of europe, you are EXACTLY THE SAME!  keep telling yourselves that you're great does not make it so! 
 Oh no you called me a faggot and left all the potential argument space blank... madness. 
 pathetic 
I was on a train with some smelly gypsies. They stunk of body odor and the kids were rowdy and loud. The conductor caught them and kicked them out because they didn't have tickets apparently. 
 '  
 Break her fucking neck. 
 are you retarded? 
 This, i have a couple romanian friends, they're all pretty hot 
    '''   romanians are blue/green eyed white masterrace 
  not op but you probably dont want to kiss a gypsy girl man i mean the things they eat are not really what you call food 
 great comeback bro 
 Doesn't make them less blue/green eyed white people You sound like some shitskin 
 You must slap her. Or find the most powerful male who opposes you when you try to take action and fight him. There is no other way. Anything short of this and you will always be a victim. 
  
 man you're trying too hard coming up with false facts and shit kill yourself 
 Just fucking punch her ONCE but hard, very hard. 
  see  
  thats weird, ususaly when a gypsy girl does shit like that its cauze she got 9 brothers ready to jump out of the nearest trash can if she like wistles or something  are the ''boys in your class'' gypsyes as well? are they related? 
 She looks hot. You should see if she wants to date, then she can protect you from those alpha males.... Easy dude, next time she's beating you up tell her she's beautiful... 
     class="quote"> people dig up their dead because the whole village is scared of vampires, IN THE FUCKING 21th CENTURY class="quote"> has 20.000 'sewer people' living in the fucking sewers of it's capital class="quote"> donkey carts on the streets  
 pic related: every romanian in this thread right now 
  still pretty good developement compared to the world average   6 retarded drunk people who were later put in jail  ''' sources don't say that   source is not working anyway, carts are illegal on the streets  i've replied to you just so other people can see your bullshit 
stop being a pussy OP 
 Yeah that is the worst advice ever! Kill her when no one is looking, cop a feel and act surprised when they find the body. 
I call bullshit. If she were really gypsy she would have promised to blacktop your driveway before taking your money. Also, she looks to be about 12. No way she is still in school. She should be married and producing little gypsies by now. 
    lowering the bar, are we? We were clearly talking about european countries.     keep reading:  preventative".  '  exact numbers are hard to get because it's a fucking underground community of homeless people. Are you really arguing that the situation is fine?     link is working for me ... also google has it cached  did not make up any facts! 
 This 
  i agree, it's one of the least developed, i didn't say you made that upor that it's a great country. it's still not the shithole of the continent.  also, let's talk about exorcisms and stuff like that. it's easy to find stupid people that don't represent the majority. do these people represent their country? have a problem with homeless gipsy drug addicts, wow, and the point is?  your last point is also useless, since carts are illegal 
 Nip this issue in the bud and kill yourself tbh 
 '  wow so much denial. 
   the point was that it's a shithole... "have a problem with homeless gipsy drug addicts" pretty much supports that point 
 burn her house down and she'll have to move and switch schools 
 so much troll  many european coutries have the same problem, or similar problems 
  Yeah! We have fucking Romanian beggars everywhere making our cities look like shit. 
 If you can't fight her, out crazy her. Go right up to her, shout nonsense and punch yourself in the face hard. Noone will fuck with you after that. 
 facebook now,I want to send my dick pics to her. 
 let's say you're right. by your logic, your country is also the shithole of the europe fail 
    
 Yurop is literally the world's toilet. 
   Really? Other european capitals have thousands of pariahs living in it's sewers? WTF! Get your head out of you ass!    Even if they had: at least they would admit how shitty they are and are not in denial about it. romanians always act as if it's just the 3 % gypsies that are fucking useless excuses for human beings, when in fact, they are not even numerous enough to be responsible for the fucking shitstained state that romania is in. 
 getting desperate, are we? 
 nice try. no romanian claims there are 3% gypsies 
 I should never try to stand up to a girl". Fucking "macho-men, alpha" cunts  There is an easy solution to this problem. Catch her while she is alone and make sure she is in no shape to bother you again. Don't forget to wear a mask if you plan to just break a few bones. 
 % Romanians 6.5% Hungarians 3.3% Romani 0.2% Ukrainians 0.2% Germans 
 how does that refute what i said?  that's because many gypsies declare themselves as romanian 
Stand up to her and anyone that gives you crap for protecting yourself. Make it too costly for them to bother you because they know you cause them problems. If they school isn't helping, that is the only option you have besides moving or letting them bully you. 
Your actions have consequences 
 ce-s fute-o sa mor eu 
 weren't you saying that romani are totally different from romanians? Now you're arguing that they are virtually indistinguishable... so much so that the official census can't tell who's a gypsy and who's romanian. 
 She probably wants to fuck you. Quit being a douche and invite her over 
 /thread 
 That like a skinny Adam Sandler in the middle .. ? 
follow her after school and when u realise a right moment beat her so hard 
without friends to defend you from the apes in your class your recourse is very limited, you can tell her that the way she treats your makes your dick hard, girls who don't like you will be weirded out by this and girls that do, well you can start smacking her ass and such... just wear a rubber 
get a lepricorn damn drunks get rid of gypsies 
 Because, ethnicites from the caucasus live in russia, like chechens and Cherkes people, russian slavs are white but they mostly have mongoloid facial features mongoloid features. 
  Yeah keep telling yourself that 
 ''' so you're agreeing that gypsies and romanians are different things? gypsies tried to merge with romanians they are called gypsies because initially they tried to merge with the egyptians now they call themselves "romani" to increase the confusion they managed to confuse stupid people like you congratulations, you're more stupid than a gipsy 
 Tell her you'll put a hex on her the likes of which she's never seen. Tell her you're down with the wicked clowns and you'll curse her with a massive nutsack. Tell her her gypsy magic ain't shit against a Juggalo, bitch. 
 you just pulled that stuff out of your ass we've established by now that romania is the toilet of europe. Right now we're just arguing if it's the gypsies fault. 
  
  Gipsy/gypsy originates from the Middle English gypcian, short for Egipcien. It is ultimately derived, via Middle French and Latin, from the Greek Αἰγύπτιοι (Aigyptioi), i.e. "Egyptians" cf. Greek γύφτοι (gýftoi), a corruption of the same word. It was once believed that the Romanis, or some other Gypsy groups (such as the Balkan Egyptians), originated in Egypt, and in one narrative were exiled as punishment for allegedly harbouring the infant Jesus.  Did you even read? 
 this. the balls. always works. 
Shoot up her school Op 
 yeah... carefully read again what you just posted. I know you're just some romanian peasant, but even you should be able to figure it out. 
 Put chlorine and ammoniac in your food, wait for her to rob you  Once she's in hospital you will be ok 
 and you're telling me i'm in denial  also, when did we establish that romania is the toilet of europe? even your list from wikipedia puts us as a pretty decent eastern european country, above most of our neighbours. 
 It's a shit country, leave it. 
 There you go get girls to do girl work 
 if there's a shitstain next to you, how does that make you less of a toilet?  Your pathetic attempts to make your country sound less shitty than it really is are becoming desperate by now. 
 fucking how are you getting bullied by a gypsy? We're like the most passive people in Europe. 
 dude, if i proved that the rest of the world is a worse place to live than romania, you would still find something to say did a romanian rape you when you were little or something like that? 
 no I just have fun whenever i meet a romanian who acts super racist towards romani because it's just so pathetic and laughable. Like the saying: when shit turns to dirt, it demands a chauffeur... Imo it's totally ok to be racist to people because they are racist towards other people. Romanians have this delusion that the rest of europe perceives them as european, when in fact no western european sees any difference between them and a gypsy. I'm actually doing the romanians a favor by reminding them about what they are and how they are perceived by the rest of the world. But the usual reaction is  A) blame everything on the gypsies. B) Other places are even shittier.  It's like a collective illusion of grandeur from which the romanians suffer. 
Put Cum on your sandwich and give it to her when she takes it.. 
 ethnicity is not race there is not a race called gipsy even a peasant like you should know that  and why you're acting like western europeans can't have a wrong perception? 
  it's "delusions" mate. Also you'd have to live in some as out of touch as America to think that shit. All anyone normally thinks when they hear Romania is pale black haired vampire people with thick lips. Which is more or less legit because they're a point at which the slavs met the huns. 
 some accounts consider it a race and an ethnicity since they have DNA from Indian asians, arabs, and whites and have sort of stewed in their own gene pool. While not a true race it's at least worth noting they're genetically dissimilar from each of the groups they've come from. 
 ''  again: By every perceivable metric, romania is a shithole. Romanians are coming to western europe to beg and steal. (just google the statistics from europol if you don't believe me)  Western europeans consider romanians way worse than turks or arabs, but somehow romanians didn't get that memo and act as if some war refugee would be worse for us than a romanian.  There are other shitholes in the world, and there are other people in the world who think that their country is great, but romania is the only country I've visited that was utter shit while at the same time the people act like they are the greatest AND are super racist against romani, turks, etc. Well maybe north korea, but I've never been there... Maybe this is just a relict from Ceaușescu times.  Even your stupid remarks about race and ethnicity show that you are stuck in the last century. (You wanted to tell me that you can't be racist against people that don't form a race right?)    TLDR: Romanians are the least welcome people in western europe. 
Why did this need to become a race debate? How is that going to help him? 
 I'm not american... I mistranslated it as illusion... false friend from my mothertongue 
 ''' ' 
 let that horny bitch slap you 
 it always does when gypsies are mentioned because no one really knows what the hell they are. It really throws em for a loop when they hear that not all people that are refereed to as gypsies are of a common ancestry or origin. Point being they're more interesting from a taxonomic/anthropological angle than OP's problems. 
 '' kek   you gave one metric, that wikipedia article that says romania has "High Human Development", pretty short of Very High  how many of your shit arguments do i have to refute? how the fuck do you pretend to know more about a country than the people living in it? you're just a troll pretending he visited romania.  man, i actually feel better about my country after talking to you thanks, autist 
 put laxatives in your flood and let her "steal" it 
 gypsies live in a constant state of diarrhea I doubt she'd notice. 
 deadly dose of painkillers mixed in and bullying stops within few minutes. 
 I don't think you realize how durable gypsies are from a chemical perspective. They could drink draino and breath hair spray all their life and still be what passes for normal for them. 
 I mean for fuck sake they start smoking at 5. 
 How stupid do you have to be to get upset about your country on an anonymous imageboard? How insecure do you have to be to be moved so much by being called another ethnic group? How fucking retarded you dumbass, nationalist, racist, prick. Your country means nothing, your ideals mean nothing, and your value is next to zero so you cling on to something to be a part of like a nation, a shit one at that, in order to feel better than some fucking gypsies. How pathetic. 
          
 If i would want to have my comeback I would wipe it of your mothers chin. 
 deny deny deny deny deny... just stick your finger in your ear and sing a song. Example: High Human Development", pretty short of Very High  It's among the worst in europe. How distorted does one's view have to be to consider that in any way acceptable for a european nation?  Want some other metrics: How about Transparency International's Corruption Perceptions Index. You have more Corruption that Saudi Arabia.  You want metrics? Just knock yourself out: not going to like the results...  You're like the fat girl that thinks she's hot and when someone tells here that she's not, she point to the even fatter chick to distract.    you could start with one... or show me were you think you've refuted one.    I just compare your country to other countries.  Maybe your view is a bit distorted because it's your country and you WANT to paint it in brighter colors?    Are you 12 or what? 
Coaie, da in ea cum n-ai mai dat in viata ta. Jur ca daca nu mi-ar fi tarsa sa dau info personale aici as veni sa o batem aman2 :)) 
 hehe... the amount of butthurt is off the charts. 
good tor links any1? hidden government stuff and conspiracies 
Id be interested in this too. Bump. 
bump 
  bump. 
8ch ? 
 
Quit lying we all know you really just want some tasty cheese pizza you newfag 
 8skjoibmxc4noiweop1bd8.tor 
 not everone is a kiddy diddler like you carl 
 doesn't work 
 Are you serious, a Tor thread? Tor is 100% compromised. Anyone still using it is a fucking retard, you're just asking to get v at this point. 
jk4yt7h767c596g6y.onion 
 thats not even true, is it ?  what else is there ? 
 Clearnet or v.  There's nothing else. 
 It's possible but there's no reason to think it is right now. People got fucked because of flash and Java script vulnerabilities, not tor itself. 
How does one protect against Java and flash vulnerabilities 
If you don't know, you're too stupid to tor in the first place lmao  you'd be safer trying to diddle real kids you stupid faggot 
 By not using javascript or Flash 
question: does using tor on a pc emulator make any difference? 
 Here you go buddy. Link:  
  Try Tails. On public wifi. Profit. 
     
   ) 
  Nope, but it is obvious that the person asking the question was referring to JS and not Java 
 Dont click its a virus 
 i would if my pc wasn't stationary :/ 
 Like you. 
 Nope. Java plugin has more vulnerabilities than JavaScript engines. 
 Not arguing about that, just see the context of his question:   
  not listed by google = onion 
 I see. You're right. 
Who wants to learn how to buy drugs from TOR?  ill share the wisdom 
Hello /b/ I'm in ETHICS class and we're debating refugees into Canada. We're 5 against it (me included)  Any points I should point out? 
 
What color is your piss?  I'm usually 1 or 2, 3 if I've been drinking alcohol. 
The male brain is far more sophisticated than the female brain. Prove me wrong. ' 
The womens hypothalamus is bigger then the male which menas their brain is better 
Here you go, OP. I proved you wrong.  For those illiterate to graphs, what these curves show is that the distribution of IQs for males is much wider than females, but the average overall intelligence for females  males is the same. 
 Please provide the data and sources to backup your graph. 
 Do a reverse image search, you lazy fuck. There are dozens of articles that explain this difference. 
    That certainly goes a way to explain why females have 8 to 15% less brain mass than your average dude. Also explains why all of humanity's greatest scientists, inventors and engineers were all male.     That's why you have a shitton of males working as engineers, surgeons and scientists while most of cashiers, receptionists and waiters are women.   This graph certainly is legit as fuck 
 But I'm lazy and can't be bothered for a tldr article, can you do it for me please? 
"sophisticated" first thing that came to my mind  
 Men, more balanced creatures :_D 
  
   I'm not some fat Tumblrina fuck, so let's get that out of the way.  You just exemplified what I'm talking about. Women take on most of the "normal" jobs of median difficulty because most women fall into the average intelligence category. The IQ dispersion among males is wider and thus there are going to be more very smart people that are male. Averaging the intelligence figures turns up with the same overall IQ. You're failing to understand what averaging means. 
  
 Kekkity kek kek 
   Only newfags would think this was funny. 
  And you're failing to read a fucking graph.  That curve CLEARLY shows a wide peak favoring female intelligence. If your argument was correct, then we should see a lot more mentally privileged males compared to women (and we do), though the most intelligent individuals of our time should be most, if not all, women by quite a large degree. This doesn't happen. Hence, the graph is full of shit, or applies to an irrelevant context. 
 What's your point? I've been on 4chan for 6 months, does that exclude me from using "kek" in a way you do not approve? 
 
  kek i've been here for 7 years faggot 
 all of the great philosophers of history were males. DONE 
   ??????????????????????????????  You know the Y axis is population and not IQ, right? The X axis is IQ. You're legitimately retarded. 
 Why? OP provided no evidence to support his claim, therefore, nobody requires any actual evidence to refute it. 
I don't really care about which gender is smarter. I just wish women would stop with their bullshit. Seriously, almost every woman I know has given me trouble, but few man have fucked with me, and even if there was a misunderstanding in the end we talked it out and solved and now these men are even my friends. But most of my girlfriends have tried to literally destroy me after breaking up.  Not saying every women is like this. I actually now ONE woman that isn't like that. But I'm pretty sure most of women are like that. 
This thread lends support to the idea that males are not more intelligent than females. There is a lot of incorrect information, please do research before you even try. OP is a fool. 
 If you could give both equations I could calculate the surfaces under the curves and therefore find who is more intelligent overall 
Intelligence cannot be quantified. Anything to do with I.Q proves nothing. 
 You can't practically count all the stars in the universe either, but with predictive modeling you can make a reasonably good estimate.   The same is true of IQ. 
its that time again! 
anyone interested in more of my mom's "waist training" pics? pic related (its her) 
 
 
 Op i have been waiting for you to come back moar moar now moar now 
 ah a fan? 
Fat cunts who are too lazy to lose weight going "I know I'll compress all my fat into a mold so I look like a fucking Butch Hartman cartoon character." 
9/10 would fuck your mom 
 Langa fler sötnos 
fully clothed 
 Yes my dick is a fan 
Post more fam. 
 
 
 Link to site 
 last one i guess.. 
dude, i'd fuck your mom. I'd fuck your mom dude. 
 post more please 
 
Join this Kahoot! /b/ros  57758 57758 
bump 
Guy's I need motivation...  I'm a 30 years old guy, with severe Haemophilia A.  I lived a normal live untill my 25, Worked as an IT and Network technician, But since then I had multiple surgery's of my knee who's pretty much screwed me up right now.  Now I'm unable to work, it's not that I am living in a wheelchair or something, but one or two times a week there is allways a day that my knee prevents me to move, even standing up kills me because of haemarthrosis.  I "only" ( And I know this can be a lot for some of you ) receive 900€/month due to my invalidity assurance. My girlfriends wins a bit more and thinks I absolutely need a job, but what job ? Where would I find a boss than hires me when I wont be able to move at work at least once a week...   I kinda learned to live with it when I was on my own, but now living two years with the same girl, having a lot more bills to pay makes me feel miserable, and most of all when we miss a couple of bucks by the end of the month, I mostly thinks it is because of me...   What to do B/ros ? :( 
 Within your respective experience and field I would suggest trying to look for something that you can work on from home.  Do you have any programming skills or previous work?  Remember you are not locked down to work in your own city. You could be living across country and work for another company.  I have a friend in Germany who works for a company in Canada for projects. It's all about experience and getting the work done that will get you a good reputation and a lot of customers online if you do chose to do free-lancing. He's a software engineer by the way. 
does cannabis help with your hæmophilia at all? 
 How much do you spend per month ? What are your expenses ? 
Wait a sec, aint haemophilia the vampire disease in elder scrolls? 
fuck you op you're a faggot who makes a thread then doesn't reply 
 true damn you OP 
 work freelance op, its bound to make you at least 500 eu/month 
 I will look that up right now ! Thanks for the advice mate :)   Well it is, Doctors only prescribe me tons of Ibuprofen to help me lower the pain, but weed is doing a much better job hehe. Too bad it aint Legal in my country ( Belgium, only a few hours from the Netherlands so that's okay ^^ )   Mostly is spent on weed actually... Like 300€/month. It aint legal in my country right now so paying it at the highest price, and that latest "dealer" is abusing of my situation I think. Then there is everything else, Internet costs a fortune in Belgium , like 80€/months for fiber. Same with our cells abonnements wich are at 90bucks each/month... So ya :/    Sort off, at least we're known for something :D  "Vampirism is a syndrome acquired once Porphyric Hemophilia has infected the body for three days and the victim has slept at minimum of one hour. One infected with vampirism is called a vampire." 
i suggest you stop being a faggot 
   Chill B/ro's, it was munchies time ! :D 
 van waar zijt ge? 
 VL BR :) 
 
Would you let your daughter or sister date a Asian, Black, Mexicunt, or Muslim? and why?  You only pick one, and no whites (either be a brown Muslim) 
Wallpaper thread, I enjoy clean and simple, got a ton from simpledesktops.com. Post your faves like this one. 
Another example 
Yet another 
hmu wit some straight shota fam 
 all I got is this 
bump 
Bump 
 Source? 
 lurking  also op doesn't deliver source? 
I keep getting banned for bullshit reasons.   wow, hot" on image of well-known porn star            '  WTF is going on? Is anybody else regularly getting banned for no reason at all or bullshit reasons? I think one of the mods is on a power trip and needs to step to the fucking side. 
I got banned for saying kek on a ylyl 
  Banned for spam? 
 Mods are fags. They have double standards and ban people for bullshit reasons while allowing toxic shit. 
Are you being crucified by any chance, OP? 
  It's getting to the point where I don't even want to be apart of 4chan any more.  ' 
 Do you have a dynamic ip? 
 It was only 1 time but I guess that was enough for a ban? 
  no 
 
I want more of this  Please /b/ 
 Nice dubs 
  Posted the wrong one.  Here, OC. 
 What's the difference? Crappier res? 
  Words were fucked up. 
 
What happened to Crazy Amy, /b/? 
 I actually live in the same town as them more or less, and she's become really reclusive, a friend of mine actually sold her husband some heroin, I'm assuming it's for her but who knows. 
Does anyone have anymore of this slut? 
shouldnt call teh ladies sluts. 
ofc 
 
alright just hear me out here, so i currently have the huawei p8 lite which is a great phone for its value and having been moved on from iphone 4s, i am again thinking about getting back to apple and buying a used iphone 5s. Now i am aware of the inferior specs and how faggy teh iphone is but the thing is that back in my 4s days(i own a macbook air) everything was so smooth, i d have my phone upstairs and i could easily recieve a call from my laptop w/0 3rd party apps, felt so good and then there is something psychologically i mean the iphone is so consistent in the sense the font, size, app icons and no android bugs bullshit, so please tel me should I? 
No. Ifag 
 
ask a guy who has never, done drugs or drank alcohol in his entire life anything. 
 Why are you a faggot? 
how do you have fun? have you tried scat sex? 
How's middleschool going? 
 No i just enjoy living a life that i can control and not do something stupid and regret it later.  Play video games, go play sport mainly gym, read books, go to uni. 
 im in college/univeristy. I sense strong butthurt in you 
 You're not from around these parts are ya boy? 
 You die anyway brah. Don't be such a fucking pussy and miss out on life's various experiences.   Also you take drugs all the time that alter your chemistry and mental state, you just don't seem to care so long as the FDA approves it.  Enjoy your advil you fuck. 
 i have been a lurking since 2010 but no oldfag. 
 roasteeeeeeed 
 Keks 
 dont take advil or aspirin u mad? Why start now when i have seen all my friends turn out like hobo's when they started trying it. 
 I dont drink, take drugs, and i still have fun. Also i am not american, i dont know what is to be a pill addict. Not op 
Same here OP same here. Nothing wrong with being straight edge 
 we will take over the world, just give it a bit of time 
 Fuck these guys OP, it's amazing you haven't and you shouldn't. I wish I could be like you OP, rock on nigga. 
I had might of listened to what you had to say before i read ur post and you seem to have a kinda supierior air of douchebaggery about you..maybe u suffer from asbergers(sic) i cant say for sure..but good on you.im sure ur a hit with the birds and your oh so very popular withthe lads. go fuck ur self repressed up tight assnozzle..you can never hoe to control every acpect of ur life. have a drink u twat.lifes short andno one here gets out alive. 
same faggory detected..i wonder which ones are all the OPs dirty samefaggory 
 cheers.  The man  If you honestly have to rely on drugs and alcohol to have a good time and "live life" ur not doing a good job. Am i a douchebag yeah maybe when i meet people like you who seem like it is okay to do drugs and stupid shit. You probably dont even realise the extent to which it fucks up peoples lives. 
 lol its not me but if it makes u feel better ok. 
 you dont have to especially rely on drugs or alcohol to be happy, faggot, i can have fun without it.  But you are a nazi saying you will never try it once, you dont know what youre talking about there are some shit you will never be able to live with your faggot 0-drug behaviour. If some people do drugs sometimes that doesnt mean they are fully retarded, you retarded intolerant faggot 
 I've got nothing to say, man. Gfy. Gfy. 
 u mad? 
Don't ever do it op. It makes coping too easy and your other coping strategies drop by the wayside. 
 Well its currently being ran by big pharma, so have fun with that concept. 
 lol its being run by people like you who are in demand for it. 
So just bo drugs then, alcohol is also a drug you ignorant fuckface. Speaking of which, have you ever had psycho-active medecine or caffein? Also drugs. 
 caffeine doesn't alter the mind-state that to the level of which drugs such as MJ, Ecstacy, Crack, Meth, coke, H, PCP or any other of those types of drugs do. thats like comparing apples with oranges. 
well op i guess you are just a faggot. If you are so happy with your way of life, why do you need to talk about it? 
 It's still a drug. Nicotine also doesn't alter the mind state a lot but it's one kf the most dangerous drugs out there 
 to show others that its nothing strange to not follow trends? To give advice to people who want to stop?  lol u mad? 
 nicotine does, go do your research before u say such things. 
 what´s the point of not taking drugs? life is about experiences you faggot. i bet you are just one of those cunts who think they are better than everyone else because they weren´t invited when all the normal kids smoked pot, got drunk and fucked girls in high school. 
 thats stupid comparison though caffeine is in many foods we eat on a day to day basis. According to that it would mean every person who consumes sugar also eats lollies 
 faggot 
 ur right im the one who is having to deal with the shitty stories coming from people about how their lives became ruined, their kids became disabled and their families have became destroyed because they did drugs. But u are right life is about experiences doesnt mean u should jump of a bridge just for the experience. 
 lol do u even no what faggot means? people throw that word around so loosely u should google it some day and see what the real definition is. 
 you dont have kids, you don´t have a family to ruin and, according to what you are telling us here, you also don´t have a life. shoot up nigger. 
 idgaf if u take drugs or not im just sayin the whole im better than u attitude is unfounded. u dont get to look down ur nose and judge coz what u have managed to want so bad to be in control u have resisted drugs..like i said good on u..but fuck u for ur whole self rightouse bullshit.go fuck urself. 
I'm a recovering alcoholic. You straight edge boys are not missing out. Good on ya. 
 1. I plan to have one in the future and don't want to do something that could possibly harm it. 2. I do have a family lol. 3. And I probably am living a better life than you according to what you have written. 
 how am i being condescending? If you come at me ill just make you look like shit. 
 Cheers man, and good job! how long have u been clean for? 
How often do you get into fights? 
 I try and avoid them, but have gotten in a few. Nothing to gratify though. 
 Why don't you partake? Are you worried about losing control and becoming an addict? There is nothing wrong with recreational use as long as you keep balance.  Do you also abstain from sex? Straight edge people I knew in high school were also into the no sex before marriage thing.  Do you drink shit tons of caffinated beverages? 
 get back to me once you have a law degree and drive a BMW 7 series.   you are just a little cunt with an attitude. what have you ever done to justify looking down on people with different lifestyle choices? especially if they are way more succesful than you are and probably ever will be. 
 I was clean for 6 months then relapsed. Working on two weeks now. 
 How old are you? 
How's kindergarden? 
 I just dont see whats the need to try it, many people say that they enjoy it, for them its an avenue to have "fun" or "relax" I prefer taking life as it comes and not needing to run from it or do something that may jeopardize it.  2. I dont understand the need to have sex at such a young age. Id rather just live life and do what I like to do. This comes back to the idea of controlling what you can. Their is always a possibility that having sex or being drunk while having sex can run the risk of having a child so no in that case i abstain from it. 3. No, I get my rush from working out.  lol law shit u must be smart, talk to me when you're in 3rd year medicine.  And unless ur house is over 2million no point in having such a car. 
 ahk keep going man! screw drugs one step at a time can i ask do the people around you influence ur choice on drinking? 
 23 
 I am poster number 1 from before. Just FYI I knew three people who were straight edge in high school and all three of them are fuck ups now ( age 25ish). They all dropped the straight edge thing around age 20. One of them knocked up a jailbait chick and is married on welfare. One got in a fight and is serving 10 years for attempted murder. And the last one got killed while driving drunk.  If you ever quite being straight edge you should be careful. Alot of my teenage drug use involved learning my limits. If you are suddenly 22 and having your first drink you might not know your limit.  You do you man. 
 cheers for the advice! I dont plan to start lol 
 you're not living life if you're not having new experiences, you're young, nows the time to make mistakes faggot 
Im the same OP. My dad was an alcoholic and addicted to cigs and weed. He nearly stabbed me with a knife when I was 16 for my money. Never tried alcohol or drugs and never plan to. 
   1/10 for making me reply 
 Sorry for the bad wording, but the fact is he would keep stealing money from my family just to get his weed. Some nights my parents would scream so loud the neighbors could hear it. My dad was ready to smack my mom with a chair one day. Its not a nice experience, neither do i want to become an ever living fucking douchebag like him.  And before the "you must be 12" shit. Im 19 and just escaped my house by moving to the USA. 
 why make the mistake in the first place? If you no its wrong dont do it. So many people find that hard to follow that and end up dead. 
 '   I don't see how you are qualified to comment on the subject. Dude, you are probably the most fun person ever when you're drunk. I believe in you, shoot for the stars. 
 Good on you man!!! fuck the sheeps who follow trends and think you need all that crap in your life, live life to the fullest! 
 nah my fun is probably better 
 But that'll always be an uneducated opinion until you've tried the other side. You are allowed to try it, decide you don't like it, and then go back to straight edge. The only reason you won't is because you are too afraid that you WILL like it and lose this false superiority you claim to hold over others. 
 There is nothing to ask. you have nothing to bring to the table. Leave /b/ 
 lol and ur just a waste of oxygen go die.  why break a cycle that has done me well for so long and could also for others? Lead by example. 
 I'm not gonna say that drinking hasn't ruined lives because it definitely has. And I myself haven't done any drugs (besides alcohol if you are classifying it as a drug). I thought like that until I was 19 and I went up to my buddies cabin for his birthday. At one point they started pulling out the rum. I drank some, hesitant at first, but it led to a new feeling. I felt carefree, felt happier, and it was all because of this nasty liquid in a bottle.   I've gotten TOO drunk and I have the willpower to say I didn't enjoy it and won't do it again. I rarely keep booze in my house. But if it's available and I know I'm in a situation where I won't endanger myself, then hell Yeah I'm getting tipsy. But all I'm saying (and not to sound cliche) you never know until you try. 
 
 cool bro cheers for the bump 
 Why did your parents chain you in the basement? 
 Im not going to say that u should have because thats your decision thats your life and cool. But im sure you could have done somthing else that may have made u felt carefree, happier and most likely even healthier. Most people don't realize exercise releases endorphin's which gives you that kind of mind frame aswell 
 cheers for the bump 
   Top fucking kek 
 hahaha careful for the advil 
 Well I've been both sober and drunk and I know first hand that the sensation is specific to alcohol. It's not just what it does to your mind but what it does to your body that makes you feel loose, bubbly, fuck makes you feel like a great dancer when you should in fact never step foot on a dance floor. It's like saying you know what escargot tastes like even though you've never tasted or smelled it. 
I like ecstasy their alright 
 but why do it, ur not even in full control of your own actions? Not only that but the damage to your liver, the motor neuron damage it has, the increased level in diabetes and its just an excuse. Alcohol is just another excuse for facing life head on. 
 lol cuz ur weak. 
  See, that's what you don't understand. Drugs are about control.  Feeling depressed for no fucking reason? Take a vicodin and 30 minutes later you're happy as fuck. Feeling lethargic? Take some adderall or do a line of blow and suddenly you're getting shit done. Feeling bored? Smoke some weed and suddenly the world is magical. Feeling scared? Take some xanax and suddenly your mind is at peace. Feeling a little too fedora? Having an existential crisis? Take some shrooms or LSD and suddenly the world has meaning.  Drugs might be hazardous to your health, no argument about that, but they WILL solve your problems... or at least make them go away for a little while. Usually long enough for you to actually solve them, or at least gain the confidence necessary to make real progress. 
 Only in excess. The human body is a lot more capable than you give it credit for and unless you eat organic (dear God no) you're also doing comparable damage to it. Trust me, there are enough people who would have a comparative argument to yours if they wanted to tell you the permanent damage you are doing to yourself for not eating $20 ground beef. I know I won't die of liver and kidney failure and if you say that I can't be sure than neither can you. If I experience liver failure due to have a couple drinks once a month then so be it. But your liver and kidneys could fail too for no reason. Shit happens. Your opinion on the topic is only half educated, based on the negatives you choose to take into consideration. 
 aha seems like u got life planned out to a tee. If only people stopped looking at drugs for an excuse. What happened to facing problems head on? What happened to taking responsibility of a persons own actions? So many people think they have the right mind frame by taking drugs and thinking all their problems will be solved. U mention drugs are about control. How can u control something that has control over you? In life their is two types the dealers and the users. Pick one. 
 BAHAHA dude their are studies out their that prove what i am saying. Your strategy is just oh well if it happens it happens. Thats like a smoker having a cigarette while the baby is still in the whom and saying, oh well if the baby gets asthma its not because i was smoking. 
The day one Straight edge guy defeated /b/ 
 We know this shit does damage. But the way you claim it is that everyone who has ever touched alcohol is going to die early because of it. But listen, I understand that you have a way you want to live your life based on the research you have done and what you believe, respect. I just wanted to give a logical perspective from the other side that wasn't along the lines of "kill yourself faggot" 
 lol well u cant sugar coat shit now can ya? go get 2 mice and feed one alcohol over an extended period of time and the other without it see which one lives the longest without developing some gastro intestinal disease, oh wait their has already been a study on that. 
 How old are you? If 21 or younger it doesn't count, every straight edger I've known gives up around then. 
 lol i haven't defeated anyone, i just want people to realize they don't have to follow stupid trends because the media promotes it or because retards think its a good choice to use it. 
 im 23 
 Holy shit you're just a horrible excuse for a fucking human being aren't you. I guess there really is no reasoning with a 15 year old shitstain who has never experienced life outside of his whore mothers womb. "drugs are bad, alcohol is scary" "look at all these clean alternatives I don't do either" "my life is better than yours cuz when me and my friends get together all we do is talk about shit we'll never put in our bodies." trust me when I say that I don't have to meet you to know you. You are part of a minority that is as bad as vegans and christfags combined. Have fun with your risk free life that doesn't involve driving a car, going in a pool, fucking walking down the street since your only concern is chance of death. You'll be in your basement where you belong for the rest of your life     
 normally i would say go kill urself but ur already doing a good job of it :DDD 
 have you ever drank anything with caffeine? Then i am sorry for you dude caffeine is a drug.  also people argue that sugar is also a drug. 
 Straight edge guys used to be hard as fuck during early hardcore days but you hipster faggots ruined it. What's it like knowing you killed the scene? 
 we have already had this debate above ffs, thats like comparing apples with oranges buddy. Not every person that eats sugar likes lollies aswell 
 no it's really not. 
 lol wtf is a hipster. 
 
white people are superior. prove me wrong ' 
  I concur. 
 If by white you are including the Ashkenazi ethnicity, then I guess I could agree with you. 
 Usain bolt 9.58 
 I agree 
 Too bad Jews aren't white though 
where is hitler 
 You mean Germans 
 
 A Scottish man invented the steam engine 
  here my friends is the end of all questions of our humanness. God bless Israel. 
Would we, /b/? 
oh bindi my one true love bindi 
Yes but only whilst shouting her dads catchphrases during and screaming CRIKEY when i cum 
 While on top of a crocodile maybe. 
yes..I would, again...and again... 
I'd romance the fuck out of Bindi and then make sweet love to her. Might even put a ring on it. She's angelic. 
Yes 
 Dem bewbies 
 huge bewbies 
 The fuck is that expression?   Is smiling, snarling, mid-sneeze? WTF is that? 
 So thick 
 
  MODS MODS MODS 
 
  
Yes but she is dressed as her dad and i'm dressed as the stingray 
  She's legal to fuck where I live, she's 17 
 
 
 
 absolutely. I bet it's an amazing fuck. 
 dominance 
 She kind of reminds me of Gianna MIchaels 
  Looks at least 30 
 Too thick, too heavy for me. 
 That anaconda don't want none... 
 
  She destined to be fat as fuck, no thanks. 
  I don't know who that is, but fuck yes we would. 
 
 This fucking faggot look full pedo. 
 
 
 
  Why do those look like shitty photoshops? 
 
 
 
 nigga you just went full retard. 
     ''  Let's be honest, you probably are fat as fuck already and wouldn't even stand a chance with her or any woman regardless of size. 
 She is a l-i-t-t-l-e bit too heavy for my taste, but with her, oh fuck yes, I would. 
This /b/read is full of fat virgins  
 Shes got her father's face, but hopefully not his heart for animals... 
 Fail. 
  You're pun doesn't make much sense. Needs a little work for next time, but thanks for the contribution. 
 Yeah. Better get it now before She becomes full landwhale. 
   Hey thanks faggot! Not fat at all actually, not here to prove shit though, thanks for coming out. I also don't need approval from some c list "celebrity" from down in roo town. 
 "Australian" 
anybody else wish they were dead ? 
 Everyday, when i woke up and remember who i am, i wish i just died in my sleep. 
I stopped caring a long time ago 
 You ARE dead. This is purgatory where you post on 4chan. I am the gatekeeper that can allow your passage to the kingdom of 9GAG. 
I feel like I'll never get a gf and no one will love me and a failure everyday of my life so yea I feel like killing myself like every minute of the day 
 is it because your fat? girls are sluts and its easy enough to get a girlfriend.  Hot the gym eat healthy go out enjoy life. 
 Find yourself and get money. The bitches will follow. And you have to learn to live and respect yourself before you expect anyone else to. 
 Pal, just think in the STD they will have. 
 you're* 
 No, because I'm not a pussy. And I enjoy thinking about the future. 
 Stop being a whiny pussy. You're going to die eventually might as well enjoy what you have now. 
 How old are you? Whats your situation? I've got advice that might be applicable. 
 Why, is it because she is blowing that guy? 
  sauce? 
 Yes OP. I think about it alot. I wish I wasn't alive any more 
 Why is not beating up her face with those speed bags? 
I don't want to live or die 
  regurarly, but its all a ilusion  you have to be realy careful with suicidal thoughts, they are a trap  by this i dont mean theres a chance you spiral downvards untill you just cant help killing yourself, quite the opposite  suicidal thoughts are kind of like a strange form of selfsatisfaction, a way to ease the emotional strain and give the ego or, wathever you wanna call it, a imaginary way out it basicaly comes down to masochistic fantasy, every time you imagine climbing that building or loading that gun or taking those pills etc.. youre realy just mentaly masturbating, its a selfserving fantasy  the problem is that this orients you towards a imaginary solution, one which is beyond your reach, cause if you could do it you would just do it and be done so youre not going to do it, youre just imagining a way out, a way around all the problems and lack and suffering in life, but it will not help  eventualy this way you do lead yourself to positions and situations in life where you practicaly have no other way out but suicide  yet the tragic question is, once you realy get there, once being a suicidal masochistic wanker actualy gets you into a objectively hopeles position, will you actualy be able, capable, willing, to realy do it? 
 what's there to enjoy? everything's pointless and it all ends in tears 
  but obviously youre enyoing yourself, youre indulging even, its so easy and so irresistible, to just indulge, in bleakness, regret, despair, self-hatred, surrender, its so easy 
 NOPE! I'm not a b underage faggot looking for attention. Grow the fuck up you spoilt over privileged lazy faggot. 
 exactly, so the only purpose is the useless technicalities of life so why not just end it 
I wish I was alive. 
 how does that work? 
 It's* 
 dude.... 
 Hit* 
 I wish I were alive OP 
 
    its bullshit, you must accept, fully, that life and existance is pointless and without meaning, and submit to this, performing any given function and overcoming any given problem any way, in spite of it 
 I like to think more along the lines that everything matters. Due to the fact that I am inevitably going to die in some way or another, it makes every second of being alive what matters. Even when times are shitty, there's a beauty in that. It's another second, minute, day, of your awesome one time experience called life. 
At times it would seem the more expedient thing to be 
 this is the only correct answer  if you spend your life feeling sorry for yourself, you amount to nothing more than a coward, too afraid to live, and too afraid to die.  if you admit, accept, and take comfort in the fact that this existence is absolutely inconsequential, then you know peace. 
 No, however, I do wish to have my balls gently caressed like that.  also pic related. 
 I'm not sure, to be honest. It's up to you. Find out what you like. Find out what makes you happy. Find out what keeps you going in life.  Yeah, life can be shitty and may not have meaning, but why not enjoy your time here doing what you like? 
  cant see any beauty in any of it, all i know is being suicidal is normal, i know no person who doesnt get down, depressed and even expressing suicidal thoughts and intentions, its allowing yourself to be carried away by it thats retarded and weak, fighting it is what matters, not beauty, or meaning, or wathever, not saying youre 'wrong' theres no wrong or right about this on this level, just saying to me it would be a problem if i depended on meaning and beauty, cauze i dont see any anywhere around, only other humans maybe, like jung women for example, that sort of thing 
    but how do you regulate this tho? i mean how do you stop ? 
 After I was on 40mg of paroxetine/day for a year for anxiety, ironically it seems to have rewired my brain to not feel excitement about anything. Things that used to trigger a positive excitement in me just make me anxious and afraid, be it simple things like going to school at morning or new movie coming out. It's pretty fucked that I've not felt good and excited about anything in the past 5 years, kills any drop of professional or social motivation pretty easily when when you can't feel good about anything you achieve.  SSRIs not even once. 
 I kinda get where you're coming from. How old are you? I could see myself getting this mindset later in life if things stay shitty, but if they get better I'd prefer to stick with my philosophy. 
 Brush your teeth. 
 You are retarded 
 40mg's ain't much, that's just adjusting and maturing a bit. 
  im way too old to be here 
  me  Well that's the problem. Nothing seems to make me happy anymore and pretending to be content and happy around people who care for me kills me inside and drains me of all my energy. I watch a shit ton of series and anime but I don't enjoy them, you just got to have something to focus on so you don't go mad alone. 
 ' 
  well i'll skip the glamour, and i'll tell you what works for me is a lot of alcohol, with some marijuana mixed in as well  more importantly however, is to do what you enjoy, even if there is that deep voice inside of you saying "you're wasting your time", because mostly that voice is there due to what others have told you. maybe your mother advised you to find a good wife. maybe your father advised you to advance your career.  if you don't feel like doing what they told you, don't do it. do what appeals to you, and to you alone.  in other words, the universe becomes you, and you become the universe.  express yourself, but hurt no one. 
No and I've been chronically depressed for 5 years. If you can't look back at your life and tell me one time you were happy then by all means kill yourself. If you can look at your future and know with complete certainty you will never feel happy again, kill yourself. 
  No, I want to be immortal. 
 Damn, it sucks that you had drugs fuck your brain up. Have you tried weed? 
Yes. I haven't slept in 2 days. I just fucking lay in bed but my brain won't shit off, it's driving me nuts. That's why I drink so much 
 I did for alot of this year but I'm better now. 
 that has to be the most impregnable ass currently pictured on the internet 
if i didnt smoke pot id kill my self a long time ago 
 I had an amazing dream where I stabbed one of my exs.  
 /thread 
 Nah, exhibitionism is pretty cool. I wish them a strong a prosperous life with many sons and a good fortune. 
  You should kill yourself. 
You don't wish you were dead. You just want to be living a different life. So do it. 
 isnt she perfect? 
 found the against republican  nothing is less attractive than an aging republican 
ITT: people who blame their mistakes on life itself. Instead of taking matter to their own hands they rather kill themselves, because a little effort is just a bit too much. Yes kill yourselves, you are breathing my air you dipshits 
 Helps with the anxiety even a couple of days after smoking but doesn't really do anything about the enjoyment of things like it used to back when I was more well adjusted human bean in my youth (26 now). I've even tried mdma this year and that only got me a huge adhd and a head ache like there is no serotonine to release even if my brain wanted to, dunno, seemed to work great on my friends smiling and rubbing things. 
      okay 
 Yeah  It's a loop sometimes I wanna die and sometimes I don't care 
  nigger you have smoked yourself retarded 
 to all of you 
 a hearty kek for you and that pic 
 back to tumblr pls. 
 You tell me......you're Still here 
 who are they? 
 I wish I could help you more, but I'm high and tired.  But there's gotta be something that keeps you happy.  Find something to get you going. Think about the future. Don't think about how shitty things are now, think about how much better they'll get if you find what you want in life. This was some pretty cliche advice, but it's really all I got. You just gotta trick your mind.  I may not have been of much help, but I hope you and all of the other sad fags in this thread can find happiness and enjoy life. 
 kek at the edgy 12 year old. 
 i always wish i could die and make some people suffer but then i could come back from the dead and go on, but thats not possible and i don't want to be dead forever so i don't kill myself 
 Where is the edge? "kek xDD edgyy lol"  Lurk more fgt, u see what people type on /b/ but not how to use them 
 You what the sympaty of people, thats why you want to kill yourself. You want people to be like "Omg its so sad, he actually has a really tough life. All this time I told him to do something more than eat and shit´, i actually made him feel bad, OMG!!"  attentionwhore 
 kek a newfag telling an originalfag how to use /b/, u wot m8. 
 lol yes, that. 
 who is she? 
 I can safely say I wish most of you were dead. 
 "originalfag" And yet you havent learned how to /b/ , ive been on /b/ for 10 years, still irrelevant shit you cuck. And yet my autism levels arent even close to yours 
 I'm not a fat faggot, so no :D 
 Princess Ava Marie. 
 underaged faggot spotted 
 nigger, im 22 you faggot 
 you living with your parents? 
 Never bitch.  Could've been a worm or a maggot but I am the most evolved being in the planet. Sp are you. 
  
  
 no. i wish i never even existed. i want to be wiped from time 
 You will never be pleased that you are dead 
 I wish i wasnt born for another liken 5000 years would of been better 
    Yes or that I had $100million. All or nothing for me 
 my own apartment with GF? Wtf are you so desperate to see a guy fail cus ur such a tiny shit urself? Kill yourself if you have the kill yourself feel 
Advice on getting a flawless face skin? 
Any vape /b/ros?  Pic related : MVP 3.0 starter kit 
where you get this fancylooking walkeytalkie? 
So I tried sticking a dildo up my butt and it hurt and I didn't like it.  Does that prove I'm not gay? 
Nope, just means you don't like a dildo up your butt. Try a real dick to find out/ 
 You might like fucking boys in the butt OP 
 second this, real dick is nice and soft 
 This. Nothing compares to a bareback fuck. 
 yes. now you are just a faggot 
 Just proves you need lube  Also try real dick 
im sad now :( 
Sarahjxne 19/f horny from australia comment names! 
 xalevanie 
galmashiach 
 what the fuck is this? why the fuck are you ewhores trying on /b/ this is the second thread can you please fuck off back of hackfags.com 
Rwallert34 
 Nice try faggot 
 Tits with timestamp or gtfo 
What's the best b8 ever, /b/?      
athiests are nigger loving trans fuckers 
I hereby strongly insult [thing you like]. 
 dedicated feels threads 
 Mouse cruelty  All of the keks 
 pic related 
  hitler literally did nothing wrong 
 found the redditor 
Trolling used to be a art. Now it is just too dumb and people screaming like retards at each other. 
 sluts 
Ok, this is totally bullshit. If you were really a navy seal, you would not be wasting time on 4chan. Plus, a navy seal doesn't "have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps". And a navy seal would not admit to being one online. Dumbass. 
 Trolling is a form of internet vampirism. 
Muslim h8 threads  gr8 b8 m8 
threads that imply americans don't need guns, need to give them up, are safer without them, etc 
Using the letter 8 in words to sound edgy. (Gr8t b8t m8t) and shit like that. 
Implying that jet fuel can melt steel beams 
 
 
 
STOP POSTING FAGGOTS AND TRANNIE PICS NO1 WANTS TO SEE THAT FAGGOT GAY SHIT FUCK OFF AND DIE! 
 no 
omg 
Cock rate thread. 
 
Hey /b/, it tor really that safe when you don't exactly know what links you're clicking ok? 
would you be able to maintain a healthy relationship with a stripper if she was your girlfriend? 
hell no 
 Been there done that, wasn't bad because i worked Security. 
 depends on how often shes going to have her girl friends over for threesomes. if shes at all into that. if shes into swinging at all at all that is. and not just into cheating. enjoy the pussy bro. dont get caught up on the pussy. let the pussy get caught up on u.   protip: the more pussy u get caught on u the easier it is to get more pussy caught on u. 
 Fucking a hot stripper sounds as healthy as it gets.  Or do you think she belongs to you, and nobody else should look at her? I say screw all that jealous monogamy crap. 
hell no bro. had an ex that was normal then like 5 years into the relationship she decided to start dancing. a year or so into it she started getting into heavy drinking and xanax and starting coming home from the club with dried up cum on her panties and pussy. barely making home each night and she never wanted to have sex with me.   started not coming home sometimes until I finally got into her phone found some videos of her riding her drug dealers cock and shit. broke up with her the next day. fuck that. 
 Sounds like you had a dream job there, anon.   Did you work the private booth area? In the strip joints I've been in, half the girls don't even bother closing the curtains ... 
 Your problem wasn't dating a stripper, it was dating a dopehead. 
If Michael de Santa can do it then so can anyone 
 Story please? Also, stripclub stories you can share? 
 Depends. I'd be totally fine with having a stripper girlfriend. It's not like she's taking dicks for a living, just giving dudes jerk off fantasies. Not to mention, I assume the sex would be bomb. 
Depends on the girl, some strippers keep it solely to stripping, others do a bit more which ends up being bad for a relationship 
Is the one on the left a stripper? She's beautiful 
 Kek 
 No. In order to have a healthy relationship you both have to be emotionally healthy. Strippers are you emotionally broken people. 
All depends on the type of girl, and the type of club(s) she works at. Milfag here, and every club around where I'm at is grimy as fuck, and by extension so are the girls. Not bad for a cheap lay though, I guess. 
 No, she just went clubbing and found it very hot in there. 
 What a bunch of crap. Most of them are just students paying their way through college, or single mothers trying to put food on the table.  Take that prudish medieval bullshit back to church where it came from. 
 How do you know? Is there a backstop to this pic? 
 Any more? 
 Trust me. I'm the dude standing behind them, bro. 
 
 Shit. Timestamp! How did you meet them? 
 This anon gets it. 100% this.   this is common for your basic white bitch that wants to be "bad". Let alone strippers who live/work that lifestyle.      Some do. A lot of strippers honestly branch out into escorting... easy recruitment for girls that have bad drug habits and no job prospects outside of their pussies.   topkek This is usually how it starts anyway... 
 Pray for the strippers, anon. They're all counting on you. 
 Yeah, I really should have used a timestamp. But as you can see, I was trying to dry the pussy juice on my fingers. 
 Came home with cum on her pussy but you didn't break up with her until you found a video? 
 No you retard. Timestamp yourself now. 
 Well I would, but my fingers still aren't dry yet. 
 best i have at the moment 
 That's not this moment is it. 
Coworker left phone at office. I fucking love her tits. Find something wrong with her 
 In the other thread she was your sister... 
She's a spic 
fat. spic. bad eyesight. unattractive face. short hair. 
 op is a gril seeking attention, curling around the rules TOGTFO 
 Post more then. 
 
sH3 l0oKz beT+3R tH|$ w@Y 
Post your music and I'll play it!  www.twitch tv/toby1248    ps. I'm off my face on MDMA. This is also a drug thread 
bump 
bump 
 
Alright /b/ i think i'm making a huge fucking mistake with my life and i need some of you to help me out here.  I've been fucking around with music for 2 years as a hobby but i got a job that pays 23$ an hours and make close to 3 grand a month and i'm 20 years old.  My friend who goes to lots of raves is befriending show promoters and says if i want to get serious with music that he could get me hook me up with opening for other djs, I have no fucking idea about djing at all and i'm debating buying a deck and giving it a go but if i start getting into this it could possibly interfere with my current job,  I hate my current job and never had any fun when i was younger at all and the young part of me says fucking do it go have fun you need it but the adult part of me says don't be stupid keep working at your job and end up killing yourself at age 40 because you're depressed where your life ended up.  TLDR  Make music for fun, have well paying job at 20, friend says take music serious, can get me gigs opening for djs, want to but don't want to.  help me fags  also i am very drunk it's 7am but i got to day off. 
Self bump.  I got no one else to really talk to this about, my parents will say the obvious and would probably get pissed at me for even thinking about it.  Also tits and stuff 
  you can do both. I recommend you get good first before you worry about any of this shit  and I don't mean pressing a fucking sync button 
 fuck no i'm going to learn how to beat match by ear i want to try and do something that makes me stand out.   I have this idea about getting a launchpad and add parts into songs as i go 
OP -   You have two choices in career:  1. Do a tough well paying job where you work hard to earn enough money to do the things you love.  2. Do what you love and work hard to make enough money while doing it. 
Do what you want, I still strongly believe djs are the scum of the music industry right under pop stars but if you have a musical inclination then get into it otherwise stay with your job and get good and stand out...good luck dj /b/board 
 The thing is i got really fucking lucky with this job, I'm just not sure if i want to fuck around and end up losing everything but i feel like if i keep on the path i'm on i'll be un happy with lots of money and some girl who doesn't love me 
 This. If you don't know the first thing about DJing clubs, then do everyone a favour and git gud before you step up. Otherwise youre just gonna clear the room and feel like a failure. 
 i agree with this that's why i want to try and do something different and show people that i will work hard for the money 
  do it bro! lifes too short to sit at a desk and suffer. 
 i'm planing to get my deck and take atleast a year to get gud scrub.  I know a dj who does a few gigs here and there he uses vinyl so i think he would be a good place to start. 
 i'm actually a head janitor for a company and i always get treated like shit because people see me as a some loser who couldn't get a good education and wasn't smart. 
 ok op i can tell that you're not very bright so i'll help you. Stick to your current job, do the dj thing on your spare time. Taking the risk is basically like gambling, you will end up in the dumpster. Making music is something you like, not something that keeps you alive, you're an adult now not a kid anymore op. 
pathetic self bump again.  So far i'm thinking get a dj deck learn how to use it and learn all the advanced shit maybe do a few private shows for friends to see how it goes then work my way up.  If it works and if i'm able to quit my job and become a dj i will come back and thank all you fags.  -DJ /b/ (op) 
 well yes i will keep my job and dj on weekends and see where it goes. 
 If you have no clue about djing, I'd suggest you actually start off small before deciding to make it your job, especially if you have a well-paying job right, despite the fact that it apparently crushes your soul. Learn how to dj, get good at it and decide whether you REALLY like it enough to pursue full time. I dunno whether it pays as good as your current job but if you're HAPPY, that goes further than just a paycheck. Just make sure that you know before making a decision liked that. 
   choose one 
     ' 
  Its a balance OP. I make really good money - but there are things I would much rather be doing. I often wonder if I'd be happier with less money but going to a job I love every day.  Why would you get a job you don't like and *attempt* to earn enough to do what you love... rather than just do what you love?  You're young enough to fuck up a few times and still go back to "old reliable job" in an "old reliable life."  Now I'm not saying that every job will pay enough to live on, that sucks and is the harsh reality of life. The world needs ditch diggers and burger flippers too.  ..but do you want to be 40 years old with a few kids and a "safe" job having never tried? At that point it will be to late to take risks. So take a calculated risk and tell yourself this:  If by such and such time this hasn't panned out for me, I'll go back to something safe. 
 i rather die knowing i tried rather then die wondering what if i tried. 
  At $23/hour or even twice that, you aren't making a ton bro.   What if I told you I make $225k/year and still wish I was doing my dream job instead? 
 the money is nice but honestly where i am right now i rather be poor doing what i love then be wealthy doing what i hate. 
  My point exactly.  At 20 years old there is plenty of time to re-evaluate the decision in 2-3 years and start over. 
 give 2 week notice and quit job so maybe you can get it back if djing doesn't pan out, but you're young and only live once, might as well go for it 
  Why not do both for as long as you can... then choose the one you want when you have to? the DJ thing may not pan out.  What it you get 2 gigs and then they find someone cheaper. I wouldnt quit just yet mate. 
 when i start i have a chance of my first gig doing an opening act for another dj, if i had all my dj shit together and knew how to play i could of open for G.T.A 
Hey b when did you first realize your parents have an actual opinion about you as a person and it may not be the unconditional love you thought it was?  For me it was probably about five min ago listening to my mom talking shit about me to my cousin over the phone. She didnt know I was listening.  So anyway some kind of thread... 
Don't really care.  But it'd be good if they hated me, no need for all those awkward family dinners and holidays. 
When i was 8, i was eavsdropping on my mom and stepdad and he was calling me a pussy, faggot, and said hes almost positive im a girl. 
 Worst eye boogers ever. 
I first realised my mum was mental about 18 years ago. I was around 13-15 I was crying at her, telling her I thought I was mental. She responds by saying I don't have problems, other people have problems. I was like shhhhhit what a cunt. My Dad had children with this thing 
bout a year ago when my mum had my brother and sister lock me out of the house 
 Fuck off homo 
 your dad's probably a cunt too 
When you realize all the times you couldnt have sweets or stay up late wasnt actually because its bad for you but just because they get off on the power play. And probably because their parents were worse cunts to them 
 I come from a family who has talked badly of me since as long as I can remember. Their reasons were mainly because I refused to be what they wanted me to be. They treated me like dirt despite being a good student and being somewhat well-behaved. Now, that I left the house and I live my own life somewhat successfully, I'm somehow the best.      So do things for yourself. The only person you have to be loyal to is you. 
When I was 10 and I noticed that my parents talk shit about my brother behind his back. I just assumed I got the same treatment from then on. 
 You nailed it sir, an absolute cunt. I think he was more of a pussy than a cunt tho. Just the pair of them never showed any emotions....like some weird aliens. My dad died and I didn't give a shit.....my mum got cancer and she survived fucking cunt.....now she's got something wrong with her liver but pretending it's worse 
 I'm sorry, anon. The only reason I know how to love someone and care for them is because my grandpa was the only person in my life who loved me unconditionally. What they say is true: you can't love if you haven't experienced it yourself. I hope someone like that comes for you. I wish you the best. 
 Dude, unconditional love doesn't mean sugarcoating everything. Unconditional love is them telling you that you're a fucking asshole and still inviting you over for the holidays. They can only be more upfront about it once you become more before mentally. 
 This Anon has the right idea  Also why is everyone so damn soft 
 /thread   Live for and love yourselves anons , the rest is bullshit 
 This sounds real tough coming from a faggot who just admitted he was fucking crying. 
  Welcome to not being a fucking child.  You can unconditionally love someone while simultaneously despising their personality ,life choices, and thinking they're a piece of shit in general. Love isn't like. Like isn't love. Approval isn't love. Love is love. 
 whatever makes you feel better about not being loved by your parents bud, people that love speak positively about others 
  That's not correct, that's a black and white idealistic interpretation of the complexity of human relationships.  If you actually consider love to be total and complete approval and beneficent interpretation of all action of another person, you're either retarded or entirely autistic.  Grow up. Learn that you always should love family, but that does not make them decent human beings, or have decent work ethics, or anything else. You can have them over for holidays, speak at their funerals, and cover them when they need it most without sucking their dicks about their absurdly shitty life decisions and horrifyingly shit-tier behavior.  I love how dishonest our culture has become, even with ourselves and those we hold dear. 
  butthurt detected   Because he probably is if he's gone through periods of mental illness. Some of the strongest people I've known are people who've dealt with that shit and survived.   Could still be a pussy though 
I have an extremely bad relationship with my father. There have been days where I wouldn't look at him when I was a teen. I feel bad about that, but at the same time he went out of his way to make my like a little(lot) more miserable. 
Hey /b/ I have to do a presentation in a couple hours. How do I get over the nerves? 
Xanax my friend 
blow your teacher first 
 take a few shots of brown liqour 
Jerk off and take a shot of whiskey 
 Shes a girl bro. I could skip because its the last day but it will drop my grade 20 points. 
 what presentation. anyone in your class that can help you blow off steam? 
lol only thing to cure this is practice. 
You won't get over it. You just have to push yourself through the situation a couple of times and then you'll have no more problem. This applies to pretty much everything.   Just fucking do it and you'll have no problem what so ever after a couple of times. 
 I took speech senior year, last year but never improved. I sucked it up but still suffered. 
 fucking used to hate oral presentations in college. I would always chug a beer right before I walked out the door.  Almost everyone fears public speaking and almost everyone survives it. you'll be fine. 
 post her pics and then the nerves will go right away 
shoot up the school 
Take LSD, it's the best nerve killer for big important presentations. I'm sure if you put your post code out there some /b/ro will hook you up 
 Hi. Professional speaker here. Always prepare your presentation in advance so you know what to say, when what comes and what to do. What helps for some is:  1. To have a sheet of paper with a few word/sentences to help you remember more information so that you can keep talking and not try to beat box by repeating 'uh, uh, uh' .   2. To dress confident. Wear clothes that make you feel comfortable and good. Not necessarily a nice shirt, but does look better and more confident.   3. Practice your presentation in front of friends, parents, your teacher or whoever you like. Just make sure you really want to improve and practice your nervousness for giving a presentation.   4. Jerk off? 
Practice to the point where you can present in your sleep.   Or do this sort of thing enough to where you know how to use your nerves positively and eventually they just disappear entirely. 
 ''  That's a good one. And remember, silence is better than constantly saying "um" through the entire thing. If you think you're about to say Um... Just pause instead. 
Vodka always helps me.. has presentations every year during bachelors degree 
  I think I am pretty good at avoiding um and uh. Some times I stutter and feel like I just fucked up 
 I had a presentation the day my dad died and if i screwed up i would of lost my job but the same time my dad died something in me died and i lost all nervers and got over being such a pussy ass bitch 
 I am trying my best to get over it. 
Take a shit   Always helps me 
 Yeah when I am nervous I automatically create shit. 
1. don't focus on your nervousness 2. go through whole presentation with a friend, do this close before the real deal (90% of nervousness goes away after this) 3. bring a water bottle that you can drink if your mouth gets dry 
I have a theory. What if you don't die what if your respawn time was like 60000000 years and one day babies are going to be born with memories of their last life. Prove me wrong  
 The Earth will be uninhabitable in 60,000,000 years.  There'll be no one left to have the babies, rendering reincarnation impossible.    
Help a /b/ro out.. What is this woman's name?? thanks! /b/ 
 Yung Dong Suk 
  faggot 
bumping for hope.. 
 
Left right or mid? Pick one and tell me what you'd do? 
left 
 
  please continue 
 What would you do m8? 
middle. moar? 
 left AND right 
RIGHT 
  
 
 
 
Nigga wut? 
  Nigga wut. 
Post 'em faggots.   
  INTP 
  bump. Did you abandon your own thread OP. 
 No, I'm just waiting for more faggots to take the test. 
Have you ever stalked someone, /b? Why did you do it? Did you FEEL like you were stalking them? Did you get caught? 
No, because I'm not a psychopath 
 
 
You know the drill faggots. OP is in 269 
Bump 
Secrets bread. Go..... 
hdx hdx com/aurora-monroe-youth-in-revolt/ 
Cam blackmail still here 
   
Diaper guy here 
I'm into femdom but since girls would think i'm beta I treat them like shit in bed and they like it but i don't like it. this is my life 
   
 Is the anon still here who suggested sucking? I wanna know more about your experiences 
 Good on ya brah any pics of the fat lazy fuck? 
 26-12=14  -_- 
 Dubs checked. We've all done that anon haven't we? 
I don't want my mom to have to bury her son. After she passes away, I'm going to use what little money I have to take a trip to a beautiful new place, look around a bit, then end my life. Just don't have anything worth living for. 
 Dubs. Do it anon! 
 Absolutely not! I go to great lengths to avoid documenting her in any way!    Exactly 
 Yea I mean at the time I had no intention of doing it but it took my opportunity and followed through 
 Kek  Fat bitch. Tell how you got the pizza 
Anxiety reporting in, again. 
 Any chance of some tits anxiety? 
 For the trips? 
           That's pretty much it, basically 
 Age at first fuck? 
 14 Just as good as you can possibly imagine! 
I can't help but stare when I have to change a diaper 
     
 More details anon. You cum inside her? On her face? Ever tried anal with her? 
 Join the secrets Kik group, lot of us are there ^.~ 
 Don't have kik and can't be bothered to open an account. Just post one here. 
  There is not a spot on or inside her body where I haven't at least once made a deposit. She is up for everything - the complete antithesis to my wife. 
   Same here. 
 Your loss, qt 
I want to be the first American mangaka at Shonen Jump  Its a deep secret, and I cringe just thinking about it, but god damnit its gonna happen 
 How did she take it when you first cum? Was she surprised? Disgusted? Did you have to convince her to taste it? 
 The stories and information posted here are artistic works of fiction and falsehood. Only a fool would take anything posted here as fact. 
 A guy can fantasize right? 
im a redditor 
  We started of with a gentle handjob, and she already learned about the mechanics of sex at school. So, no. Neither surprised nor disgusted.  It took some time of subtly suggesting it to her... 
 who exactly in in the secret kik? 
  This is gold 
 when ever someone posts this reminder I feel I may not be playing the secrets thread game correctly. 
 I have a small dick 
  That's only a secret if you are a virgin 
 that kid has a bright future ahead of her. 
Fucked a girl. She got pregnant.  She lost the baby, no fucks were given. In fact was glad. 
 better luck next time. 
 What u mean. That was lucky. No baby. :-) 
Very attracted to my sister. Want to fuck her badly. Love her body and her soft skin. Have the strongest orgasms when I beat off to her. Think she's so hot. 
  Yeah definite signs of advanced humour not thinking she will be a feminist 
 shiiieeeet 
 yo that's doll looks like Will Smith 
 I meant how she cupped the ball and opened her mouth wide. 
  Nah dick is way too big and the kid would not be allowed near him 
  Yeah i got it defo not a feminist :) 
I cum in my girls panties get my friends to cum in them then watch her wear them and complain about them always being stiff? Little over a week ago she wanted to be tied and blindfolded. Had some random guy on craigslist come over while she was incapacitated saying "I'm ready". I hovered over top of her while he just barely put his tip in she cried out for me to stop lul. She just thought she was extra sensitive. We agreed just the tip I looked back at the guy. He already came inside of her oops dripping out of her 
 Pics of her? 
 Right. 
Fucked a friends girl the other night. She is short, with nice round boobs. She refused to blow me, just a quick fuck and i came on her legs.   My friend works at a cruise ship. Gets a lot of pussy while on the cruises, so i don't feel bad for screwing his gf.  That's all. I just wanted to get it out of my system 
 '     
 show us a pic of her. getting hard. 
 Also:                   
I've been trying to self-suck since I was like 13, first time last night i got the tip in and came in my own mouth.  I go thru my gfs phone and computer looking for evidence that she is cheating, so i can jerk off to it.  i once found a vid of her sister fucking herself, i kept it and jerked off to it for years.  i fucked my ex a few times while with my current gf.  i take pictures of my sexy classmates, but i always delete the pictures cuz i feel guilty, i usually show my gf first. 
 Pic delivered per request 
 My girlfriend dominates me all the time. Just tell girls that they're in control and you want them to fuck you like crazy. 
 nice! more of her body? 
   '        wtfiswrongwithme.jpg  seriously anons am I a beta faggot or just an oldfag that cares more about emotions than fucking. Meeting the virgin again soon, had to teach her how to kiss and finally got her to kiss my dick, thinking this is more work than its worth and I should just go back to the girl I really love. 
 what does she look like? body pics? 
 sorry, she is like a nerdy virgin, she is pretty skinny, b-cup at best and I'm not trying to scare her off, so no pics. She gets wet but says it hurts when I eat her out or even stick a finger inside. 
 Nah, this is the one with the most body i got. Will try to get more from her computer next time i'm there, although it got kind of awkward after the fuck.  Also, if anyone cum tributes the pic and posts here, i will try to sneak the pictures in her computer. It will be so funny 
 no face pic? just her body? she sounds yummy. 
 Should also mention this is probably a once in a lifetime opportunity at my age. Dick better work next time. 
 i was molested alot as a child. i remember the first time, must've been around 8, remember beast wars playing on tv         don't worry, just checking your temperature," she says. I don't.... okay," i murmur, confused I think you may be sick." she takes off her shirt. teal underwear the color has since aroused me.    '' You need to take my temperature now," she says. "Do i feel really hot?"   ' You are so hard. I think i can help you."  my heart races and i feel release never known before   this is how i learn. 
 Nice trips, chek'd 
I fucked a horse once at my grandma's        '  '    '   '  [1/?] 
 
Anyone know of a good place to find nudes by state? If not, anyone got some 806 win? 
theres a website called anon-ib.com or .org, a google search will lead you to it. Its categorized by state and area code. Youre welcome 
 
Noticed suddenly a lot of raw-foodist crap around recently.  What are your thoughts /b/? 
Good for cutting. Bad for gaining. 
 They claim that cooked foods are toxic and that all of us should eat only raw fruits, veggies and nuts. 
lets see your posters/paintings /b/ 
  We want you to turn in the bad ones"  Actually makes a lot of sense.  No layers of PC vitriol, just the straight up truth. 
who gets to decide who's bad ? 
 other muslims.  let them police their own for a while, and make them responsible for the outcomes. 
 Trump is fucking stupid 
 Yeah, that will work perfectly. Not like they haven't been doing it all along. Oh wait, they haven't? Then surely they will now that Trump is asking them to.   Trump is fucking retarded on all levels. 
  They could go to Sharia court. 
I SUGGEST PURGING THEM ALL 
Help me to fap faggots. post webm/pics of wet pantys.  Pic no realated. 
    illiterate fuck 
 
God tier movie thread. No h8 pls  
Movie is Django incase you're some kind of starfish with no taste 
   '  '   Help me, I'm sure you can pull interesting stuff 
Film child porn? 
 fight for your country on clickclickclick . cum 
 read books 
Hi boys 
Hello fellow boy. 
 Hi there 
Thought you were butt bro for a sec 
Let's see that package 
 
 Nope. Just me 
 Got moar? 
 Of course 
Big tasteful booty, may we have some moar without panties 
 spread that ass and show your bumhole already 
Post some OC for once instead of the same boring shit every day. 
