 
 
 
 
You have exactly 10 seconds to explain why you don't go to the gym to develop and reach your maximum peak evolutionary potential and to attain a perfect aesthetic physique like this naturally athletic alpha male. 
 I do tho 
 I don't feel like it 
 welcome to planet earth? which celestial body are you from? 
 Cus I'm a right lazy ugly paki bastard. 
  I will love to, but I am too lazy to exercise. Still I have a nice diet. 
  whoa there citizen. 
 I'm lazy 
 back the fuck up im not lazy im just institutionalized 
 Fat and lazy 
 Fuck off,paki 
 seriously though im not lazy. 
  Yeah OP very natural and evolutionary right there  literally paying to stay fit, how about running outside and usibg your own body to develop muscles?  
 *tips fedora* 
 This thread again... -.-" 
 Because I'm eating cheese, dont have time. + I don't give a fuck, I'm already married and happy.  I can slack and drink beer, feeling my soft tummy. 
 fuck off you... Lucky enough not to be a paki - (unless you're black wtf? But I doubt it) 
 Becuase I prefer to play computer games 
   Hi fedora 
Too expensive. I'm student/poorfag AND lacerated tendons in my finger. 
where are you at, /b/? 
 /thread 
 none of the above 
 Because I study?   
 Bcause Im lazy fam, we'v already conquered london n these whitebois don't do anythin bout it 
 Indian :^) 
 Stop samefagging op 
Because food is delicious. 
 OH GEEZ XP Oh you... 
 kek you think going to the gym and working out is a good think because it makes you alpha. you are literally trying to meet women's expectation of you like a lap dog.   I dont exercise cuz i don't enjoy it. maybe ill do something else to keep fit and active but i dont wanna go to gym and if i go it won't be to get the acceptance of club sluts or some such. its for your personal development but a beta cuck like you could never understand that. 
It's a fucking waste of time and money. 
 more dyel than the left dude 
too self conscious about my skinny paleness, dont want to get a trainer or pay for membership, i just do daily exercises at home 50 pushups 50 situps etc 
 Because I do bodyweight training. Only a faggot would pay for exercise 
I did and I finally became a true alpha male.Time to slay some pussy.So long losers. 
 Eat Shit 
 bit passed number 2 
 Lol not OP Youre just a fucking keyboard warrior that thinks lifting is worst than fucking cardio. You dont get strong from cardio 
 Please be joking  F A T A S S A  T A S S 
 How did you develop your nose muscles ? That's tight, you can probably break a lock with that shit 
  YOUVE BEEN HIT BY YOUVE BEEN STRUCK BY [spoiler]A SMOOTH BALLS CRIMINAL[/spoiler] 
 Nice body ...scary face thou damn your ugly 
Lol 
 kek'd 
bump 
 Cause gyms are cancer,I'll stay with my garage set-up thanks 
why bother when i still get chicks 
kek 
 Check 'em. 
bump 
 im working out in my room doing push and sit ups and lifting a couple weights to keep some light muscle/tone (and i bike around the city so my legs get a lil work) 8) 
 because i'm studying engineer moneybody 
 You can do both and you know it. 
 This is literally the same copy-pasta used on /b/ MODS PLEASE 
 10 
 woops this is not pol woops 
 I work for a living  F U N C T I O N A L  I T N E S S 
 9 
 8 
 You stupid illiterate fuck, implying that words don't have more than one meaning, natural in this sense means he didn't take steroids, and maximum evolutionary peak is your fucking genetic potential of how much mass you can put on, fuck 
 7 
I have the flu ATM 
 Because OP is a faggot and posts this same bullshit thread every fucking four hours    
 6 
 Because I don't need to look like an over muscled moron to please the girls. My intelligence is enough for that, and even if you go to the gym for 100 years, you will not be more intelligent than me. 
 5 
I'm too busy reaching my maximum peak fucking your mom. 
 4 
  Because if you know how to talk to girls or have money you dont need to look like a gorilla. 
 3 
 2 
 1 
 I have a life, wife, hobbies, and a job. While I do appreciate exercise I don't see the advantages of anything you said. 
 0 
 gadda 
 Cuz i got beetus in ma feet 
The gym is for fags training, I get enough workout with the reps of dead bodies I have to lift in the wake of my destructive path every day. 
 
 trips speaks the truth 
 fuck off 
bump 
    I posit that OP failed remedial English. I further posit that OP uses the word 'literally' incorrectly. Last, I posit that OP is a massive faggot. 
   what are you, a pussy? 
 If you don't think that strength doesn't translate across the board then you're fuckin dumb as shit bruh. DYEL? 
   If you ain't smart, you better be strong boyo.  Also, if you think a girl isn't looking at how you look before they think about how intelligent you are, then you're a fucking idiot. 
 Number 2 top number 3 arms number 4 legs 
  “No man has the right to be an amateur in the matter of physical training. It is a shame for a man to grow old without seeing the beauty and strength of which his body is capable.” attributed to Socrates  your mind is ultimately physical, and the distinction between mind and body is as substantial as you choose to invent it. treat your body well, experience the best -- thats the smart insight that ppl like so-crates saw when saying such 
 This guy gets it. 
bump 
 I browse 4chan 
  Because I have a fucking power rack in my garage you pleb 
  Studying for physics and calculus? Are you fucking retarded? It doesn't get much easier than that 
 You have exactly 10 seconds to explain why you don't go Mcdonalds to painstakingly develop and reach your minimum evolutionary potential and to attain a gelatinous aesthetic physique like natural Obese alpha males 
  Because I completely believe that you don't have 20-30 minutes to spare every other day.  Psyche!  Engineerfag here. My junior and senior years in school I was taking 15 hours a semester, doing paid research for the university, working two (part time) jobs, courting a new girlfriend, and I still had time to work out. Yeah, my schedule was fucking packed, but I made it work and it was honestly the most satisfying time of my life. 
bump 
I am a failure and I feel bad about it. 
 But I do go to the gym.. 
  
 ohboy, we got ourselves a class A fedora right here 
bump 
check 'em 
 nice one faggot 
 I'm gonna save this to next cringe thread 
I was a little past 10 seconds op im sorry 
 phaggot. 
   You forgot where you are, didn't you 
The keks in this thread who claim they don't have enough time to work out  Plenty of time to shitpost on /b/ tho 
 this guy is right tho 
 That guy would survive a long time without food, muscleheads wont 
bump 
 Because I gotta work for money. 
 Second to left, but add about 26 pounds of good ole fat. :) 
 lol liar 
I started when I was 2 years old I was squatting 200 when I was 8 gtfo never post on 4chin again 
 ni college thought of going to gym = got outh ulcer =reduced diet ,no gym  in job thought of going to gym= got high blood pressure ==doctor said dont do weights  thanks god for all your blessings also i am genetically inferiori like with 5 feet 9  7.5 inch wrist. brown face is like shit too .. thanks god for hell 
 Im too busy being a dead sexy bear. Also i fucked your brother 
 Worked out for 2 years, put on 40 lbs of mass  Didn't make me any happier OP 
 i was going. and then i took an arrow to the knee 
 
 
I thought it would be great to have a thread were we can talk. So anons, how's going on? 
 where* 
Hey anon, yeah going alright. Sleeping pattern is a bit fucked so will be tired tomorrow (early start) but I'm hoping it will get me back on track for a normal sleeping pattern.  How about yourself? 
Things are real bad guys. My girlfriend is telling me she just wants to be friends. We've been together for almost two years now and I'm losing my mind. She says she still loves me and that I'm her best friend but I don't get why she'd just wanna have a platonic relationship.. I just don't get it and I'm at the end of my rope. If things don't work out, I'll be bidding you /b/ros farewell I suppose.. 
 What do you mean farewell /b/ro? I understand how this would hurt a lot but I promise it will get better. If she wants things to end I'd suggest cutting all contact with her, personally I don't think it would be a good idea to keep her in your life as a friend since you have such strong feelings towards her.  If the relationship ends, cut all contact with her, get really invested in a hobby like lifting or something for self improvement, and focus on other girls. 
 Suicide. But I just don't see myself being able to go on. I'm already emotionally and mentally weak from years of depression and stuff of the like and she's the only thing that's been keeping me going. It's all been leading up to this I suppose. And I don't have any drive to do anything like that. 
 Then say "no thanks." You aren't obligated to continue any form of relationship just for her sake. Tell her that you would prefer a clean break, defriend on Facebook, ask for no contact, and stay away from her as much as you can. You have people out there who care about you that are not her and won't lead you to her. Quitting pussy is harder than quitting heroin, probably, but you can do it! 
Hi anon, met a girl online a while back we play a certain game together shes about 2-3 hours away from me so visiting her isn't really an easy task we spend pretty much from the moment we're both on to the moment we hit our heads on the pillow talking.  I was curious about her so I decided to find out more after we became close she told me that she was trans I already knew what she looked like and never thought for a second she was a dude but either way I still want to fuck her and I don't care she told me that she liked me and I told her I liked her as well and she wanted to move in with me and I was ready to try that out now she's all emo and says she doesn't want to be with me and that im wasting my time and the she made a promise to her ex that she would wait for him...  bare in mind that he cheated on her and he isn't coming back this was like 3 months ago they broke up so I msg'd her and told her that if she only wants me as a friend then that's what im going to be to her because I care about her and always will. after that she told me to "leave her alone" then about an hour later she msg'd me on whatsapp like idk what she wants now, I know she's scared and im willing to wait for her to get over him but everytime I retract she comes running and everytime I run after her she puts up a wall it's so fucking confusing  I think it's the HRT pills she's on that fuck her up so much, I just want to hold her tbh fam. 
  Try not to talk/see her for a while. Focus on something else. Find new hobbies. But you need the ambition to do that and having ambition is up to you, man. Life has no meaning after all. We all live just to die. We find a purpose for ourselves. Try to find something that works for you and makes you happy and do that. 
 Please don't anon, there are people that care about you. I know this is cliche but things will get better, suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem.   I understand that having to motivation to do things is hard, but try to force yourself to do it. I guarantee when you get out there and do things you will feel a lot better. Why don't you go on a big adventure? Get a one way ticket somewhere and just go with the flow? 
  can confirm, please listen to this 
 Don't kill yourself over a bitch. Your life has more value than that. Trust me, I've been there. If you care more than she does you will always end up getting hurt in the end. Listen to that other anon, focus on improving yourself, and after that move on to better women. Life is short and there are too many fucking opportunities for one person to control your life like that. 
 But I don't want that. I keep thinking that maybe if I just stay around for a bit she'll change her mind. I can't just drop someone I've been talking to everyday for almost two years, it's impossible. 
Why does everyone here hate us? Just like white people, we black people have bad eggs too. We're not all bad. Anyone? 
 If she is sending mixed messages, steer clear. I can't speak for everyone, but I don't care if she is trans. An ass is an ass, right? 
 I don't really think it does, man. I'm an overall worthless/lazy person. She was best thing to have ever happened to me. I'm done with everything. 
 It's not impossible, it's just very hard. And talking to her might provide more harm than advantages. As far as I know it's better to stay away at least until you're over her. 
 If I could just run away from it all I would. But I'm too poor and have too many things tying me down here. 
 Hey, don't be rash. I caught my gf sleeping with my brother and best friend (3 some) and I survived. You're fine man. Just work through it man. Life is worth it for the experiences. Pain and love 
 But how do you get over someone? I sure as hell don't know.. 
 I don't hate anyone anon. We are all human, we all live on earth. Life is challenging for everyone, why not make it easier by loving one another. 
 Not well. Kid that goes to my school died last night. He got shot a couple days ago and just died last night. His name was Lavardo Fisher. He was only in 8th Grade.   
 You've got to accentuate the negative and realize that everything works itself out in the end. You deserve better 
 It's like an addiction. You just find something else, something more positive, something that makes you happy and more productive to be addicted to. 
 I'm at the end of my rope. Maybe a year ago I could've worked through it but not now.. And I'm really sorry that happened to you, dude. 
 Yeah pretty much, I thought she was a girl like she's a cute asian im down for that, she's isn't really giving me mixed signals so much it's more that she doesn't want to get hurt again so she's pushing me away but she still likes me that she still wants to be around me and obviously I want to be around her. 
 Unless you have kids you don't have anything tying you down. You're free to go on an adventure anytime. If you are considering suicide, whats it even matter if something is tying you down? Just go and live life and it will spark a new beginning for you brother. 
 Sorry to hear that. How/why did he got shot? 
 Thank you anon. It's been a rough month. 
 I think it was random, bunch of guys went to malls around my area shooting people. It was in Ocoee, Florida if that helps you find any news articles about it. 
 I have school. But, if it gets right down too it, I'll drop out and try that I suppose. 
 It's rough man. But the fact is that life had upd and downs. That's why it's so great. Think about what you could miss! 
 Yeah, all the pain and sorrow lol 
 And science! Discovery's! Innovation, change, progress, revolution! You could do even greater things than being alive, which in itself is an incredible act. The world needs us all anon. 
 
so basically i'm considering to quit smoking but I know there will be times when the need to smoke will be strong af. What are the best ways to stop thinking about it in these moments ? Any tips in general?  btw don't forget to check these dubs 
Get a vape. Get your nicotine. Get your lungs back. The end 
 Pretty much this just buy a refillable one not that blu bullshit 
 I probably should have mentionned I'm not a faggot. You can keep your mouth fedora for yourself 
Honestly if I could smoke weed I'd have no reason to smoke cigarettes but fucking drug tests man 
 Yes, spend money on a good starter set up and thank us later. Look up the innoken t18. It's great, reliable, good flavor production at a great price 
 Plus there are tons of flavors and attachments to buy its pretty fun getting your first one, and its cheaper than smoking 
 Its difficult but try to eliminate those moments in your life where you'd normally have a cig. When you've changed your lifestyle around it you'll just forget.  
 the easiest way to quit smoking in my own experience is to change up your routine. since certain things that you do during your day that you do everyday will trigger your cravings. i quit when i was on vacation because i had other things to occupy myself with and wasnt caught up in my every day routine. but it also requires a ton of will power which in my experience nobody seems to be capable of. you must be of strong mind and body young one. on the third day without one you will kind of peak and it will be really intense but it gets easier after that. the important thing is after you've quit don't ever smoke again. just one can pull you back into your addiction. also i just smoke weed whenever i feel like i need a cigerette (if i'm able to) 
sooo vape are actually safe ?   
 It's nice that social stigma is more important than your health. 
 and don't buy a vape they're for faggots and i never even used the one i bought. it's not the same as a cig and all the juices taste like shit. 
Here's advice don't look for advice on 4chan. Especially not on the /b/ board. Go to a support group with people who aren't complete dickheads 
 I just drown my urges with alcohol 
 As of now they are safer long term effects are iffy atm. But I'm sure our friends at big tobacco Inc. Will find something soon 
 this guy has the right idea     these guys are faglords 
  Heya, on this i can tell you  Eventually you can skip liquids with nicotine. I am a strong smoker and quit twice for nearly a year just to get back because batteries dead. Anyhow, you will eventually want a high-dosed 32mg liquid to prevent you from sucking all the time, people recommend this often, then "watering down" with a 0mg liquid. But for me this wasnt the case, if you just like to inhale this device will change your life into a smoking v2 and you will not miss the nicotine. 
bitch im alrdy quiting, i have no money or job, ive been sober for weeks and without cigs for 4 days.  life is fucking boring. 
 trading one crutch for another is all it is. 
 thanks man I needed to read that.    I guess you smoke your weed with a bong then ? 
 No. Among other things, you're breathing acetaldehyde and formaldehyde, which are a result of partial combustion of propylene glycol (did I mention you're breathing antifreeze?) and glycerol. The hotter the coil, the more this partial combustion occurs.  They key approach is not to fucking care and just do it. 
 32 holy fucking shit man my head explodes at 24 
The best advice I can give you is the following:  Don't just quit cold turkey because one day you randomly feel like doing so, find a true reason that motivates you to. If you don't, when times are hard you will just fall back into the habit. I smoked a pack and a half a day, until one day, rollin on mdma, I promised my best friends I would stop. Despite the initial cravings, and questioning my promise given that I was drugged, I've been able to never touch a single cig since then. It's been 8 months since I quit cold turkey, and believe me, it's hard as fuck, but the promise I made keeps me from smoking a single cigarrette. If you don't decide to quit for real reasons, you won't, that's the truth. 
 Yeah except one crutch won't give you fucking cancer you retard 
 It's an easier way to quit. You control the intakes of nicotine you inhale. from 18mg to 3mg, then you dont do it for 3 days then you stop.  I did it, havent smoked or vaped for a year and it was very easy. You're just a faggot. 
  Definitely quit. I quit last July and I don't miss it anymore  '  But a craving only lasts for 5 to 15 mins. If you can distract yourself for that long each time, it slowly happens less often and eventually goes away. 
 solid advice, congrats on your 8 months, as of rn I cant sleep cause I need one 
  Helps to think about how fucking nasty it really is. Fingertips smell, clothes smell, break fucking smells, and you look half dead.   Also vape. It'll help the cravings, at least, until/if you do it long enough to where it makes a decent enough replacement. The benefit of being able to vape all day long inside of a building and not ruin the room you're in is breddy gool. 
 That sounds fukken true m8. I've seen way to many friend smokers trying to quit smoking and failing.. The thing is my life is pretty shitty/boring and I can't find any "true reason" to quit, except not dying of cancer ofc. 
 s/break/breath 
 
 
 
 
 
Whos gonna make it? 
 Not the United States of America, I know that much. 
 roll for this 
 Neither of these two have enough base support. Neither will get the nomination. This discussion is irrelevant. 
 this 
 you will see my friend... 
I'm considering a suicide pact. Not because one is better than the other, I just want an excuse. 
 Next president won't get anything done. Sometimes you have presidents like this. It's ok, there are lots of mediocre presidents. Look at harding, didn't get shit done, still president. Sometimes you just need a guy to be there. 
 Trump hopefully.      ' '  
 Truth.  Do you blame the professional cockblockers in congress? Or do you blame the people who don't give enough fucks to know who they are and vote them out? 
 implying that you have some choice, its all settled 
 serious question  are you this dumb or are you just baiting? 
 Either one would be better than Clinton or whoever. Change for the change's sake and all that. 
 Sad but true, he was white hot for too long, and there are enough sane Republicans too not vote for him.  Bernie relies on small donations. Those will dry up, and if he takes big donations he will lose his grass roots support. The presidental candidates will be Rubio and Clinton 
 Sanders is pulling ahead of Clinton 
 A bit of both. First of all, I'm not even American. 
  Mo' money, mo' President  Fuck yeah! 
could Hillary win NH? All the bookies have her down at extremely long odds so though it may be worth the bet 
 She wont win New Hampshire but she will get the nomination 
 Don't be an ass. He was supposed to win Iowa and didn't. Everyone including Hillary knows he's going to take New Hampshire but by what margin? If he doesn't own it by 20% the whole democrat caucus will witness his death. What's he going to do when he gets to a state with actual minorities who vote? Hillary has that wrapped up too. Also, if you want to know who the caucus is, just type Democrat Caucus into google, no need to click anything. It's not nearly as close as you want it to be. 
 No she won't take NH. It's the margin we need to watch. Bernie winning by anything less than 17% is a win for Hillary. They'll readjust polling nationwide to account for how bernie polls translate into actual votes. 
 
 This. Bernie is a flash in the pan meme, just like trump 
  Nah, Clinton will will the nomination. She's a conservative, she's an life-long politico. She's safe, people in politics will keep their jobs. She won't win in Bernie's backyard, but she'll win the nomination.  If trump wins the R nomination it's going to be hard for him to win those swing states on election day because he just spouts memes all day. It's like he gets his policy concepts from 4chan. The Repubs have the problem of an increasingly powerful, increasingly radical, yet still small minority in the party that have way too much influence on the direction of the party. All of the intelligent and reasonable conservatives are pushed out of the circles of power, they either quit or go Dem.  We have two parties made up of a bunch of very different factions and the end result is that only small numbers of either party's supporters are really represented on election day.  If the massive money was out of the equation, the benefits to wearing the badge of a party you don't care for would evaporate and we might see real change. 
 Trump will. You can't trust Bernie because he never shows his upper teeth, which is a vain attempt to hide his vampire fangs. Never vote for a vampire. Put him in the sunlight so he can #feelthebern 
 That's right. 
 More like Ron Paul. Trump is a whole different animal. He has the GOP hijacked, the GOP establishment doesn't want him because the base hates him and well the GOP is all base. His polling popularity is fucking them up hardcore. Without the base they know they cant win, and they're fucked from the front. If they piss him off enough and *don't* nominate him, he'll say fuck you and run as independent. Thus, stealing about 25% of all Republican votes, barely any Democrat votes and screwing the Republicans that way - ensuring a Democrat win and fucking them from the rear. He's literally got the GOP by the balls hijacked.  
 After New Hampshire he'll fall behind. 
 Trump wont run as an independent. If he has any notion of honor. He is honor bound to not run if he doesnt get the nom. But if he does run as an independent and he is able to get his name on all ballots, it will confirm my suspicions that he is a clinton plant. 
Sanders doesn't have a chance against Hillary. She will get the nomination. Trump is a great man and speaks for the people but the people don't hear him because "free shit". Trump is the only candidate who probably knows how to fix the economy but nobody wants him in because they're scared of him. 
Hillary is getting the nomination on name alone. even at 50/50 Hillary would get the nomination. Lots of people want clinton back. 
 fucking dummycrats! 
 This all may be true. What also may be true is this. Trump is in this for all of the publicity, for the media coverage and for his admittedly natural end-game: MONEY. Trump could compete in Republican primaries through late March before deciding to mount an independent run and still make the ballot in nearly every state if he is willing to pay about $3M which is pennies to him (someone did the math on this last year). 
i just dont want hillary or cruz to win. ausfag here 
Hilary is going to make penises illegal, every time a bitch does something it means I'm not doing something and that means a bitch stole my shit. 
 Sanders is going to make white successful people illegal. He's literally going to send all white people to prison for being white. Sanders is going to make tumblr real. 
 Yes but i would speculate that once he goes independent all that big donor money will dry up. Nobody is dumb enough to back a new horse this late in the race, except for voters that money will still come in but no big ticket donors 
 You're thinking of the guy we got now. 
 You play with your dick a lot, don't you. 
  Come on man 
  Actually if you're not retarded and trying to pretend you're being victimised, he clearly plans to let all the niggers out of prison. 
 Neither of those to idiots.  --- Our next president!  Get used to hearing "Madam President"! 
 yes I do, but how do you know 
 We did vote them out. That's why things are improving. Remember Clintons presidency sucked until the republicans took over congress. On the other hand Bush was good until the democrats took control. 
 You ever been to jail? About half of the people in there i met shouldn't be there.  The other half are assholes, that deserve to rot. People in jail for pot need to be released and have their records expunged. 
 
 If it came down to this I don't think his motive would be to actually win. Just to drive up his publicity, his coverage, and mainly his branding - it's all just a YUUUGE advertising campaign for him. Hell, people paid $10M per minute in the Super Bowl to have this type of media exposure that all of the networks are covering for nothing. His eventual cash cow won't come from political donors but he'll reap the rewards of the world's greatest marketing and advertising scheme ever "I'LL JUST RUN FOR PRESDANT!", and donors will pay for it!!! It's just an angle I've been considering lately, did he ever expect to win? or really want to? or did he just jump on the biggest brightest advertising campaign ever? 
  Wow, you live in an entirely different world to the real one, don't you? 
 see  Try to rationalize people serving years of jail time for non-violent crimes. 
 Get used to crying how the "establishment" stole the election. It will be 2000 all over again. They will gain more if she loses. 
  
 It is a big gamble though. He could fuck up his brand and loss money. Im not saying you are wrong, im just thinking the payoff wouldnt be worth it. 
 Clinton's early Presidency was great actually. And if you remember correctly, Deficit Reduction Act of 1993 (which basically fixed the fucking economy) passed with ZERO republican votes. Not a single Republican voted for it, so don't give me that "It was good because of a Republican Congress" bullshit. That was %100 Democrat driven - with EVERY SINGLE Republican trying to cockblock it. 
  I was engaging in a joust of fun-spirited right-wing hyperbole. You know, banning penises when a woman is in the white house, it became illegal to be white when a nigger was elected etc.  You see, to be a republican today, you have to subscribe wholly to an alternate reality. One where the real world is on permanent opposite day. That's not all conservatives, most conservatives aren't completely retarded, but republicans are most definitely swirling around the societal drain. 
Let's have a talk, /b/ Let's have a talk about this infantilization of adults via franchise media and what it means. I'm growing frustrated with all this shit. At 25 I feel as if my peers are still 15. Girls showing off their Star Wars sneakers, men my age who go home and suck themselves into video games and talk nonstop about gaming 'culture' as if it were relevant to the issues facing them in our civilization. I feel like I am expected to either have a Wikipedia acquired degree in neo-nerd culture or follow a couple of sports teams-either way, I feel pressured to consume merchandise and be part of some following and fandom or else be labeled some sort of contrarian autist.  Is it wrong that I see how shallow and frivolous all of this shit is? What can I do about it?  See, I was mildly excited about TFA until everyone just mass herded to the feeding pen for it and that display of mass consumerism really turned me off. Am I a communist?  I've signed up for classes for the next semester of community college with the goal of getting a degree in social services so I can help dipshit kids going through the foster system and it pisses me off when I see the son of a doctor working towards a degree in video game design-not only does he not have to work for it, but he's going for something worthless that won't contribute to society in any meaningful way, ever. Seriously, what a faggot.  I grow frustrated with a part time stocking job and have nothing to go home to except a handful of craptop computer games and whatever's on my streaming service. It's not that I want what I'm too poor to have, it's that nothing really interests me. Games are shallow and unrewarding, I haven't been interested in a movie in YEARS, no TV shows have held my interest beyond a couple of seasons at most since I was a kid.  What does this mean? What does this make of me? 
I thought it was just me. Take some psychedelics, go walking, travel, enjoy life. Fuck being a sheep, anon. 
  You tell us when you figure it out. I go on hikes and kayak to get away. 
  of course not.   make new friends. 
Nobody cares, why should you do? 
well some people just want to stay kids in some ways and I don't thinl that this is necessarily a bad thing.  We will all grow old automatically and every once in a while that sucks. 
Most movies are sucks. You can try to watch good series, like Game of Thrones of Breaking Bad. Or semi-documentary series, e.g. Lie to me. 
 I could barely make it through episode 1 of game of thorones 
 Yeah, you sound perfect for your future career. By that l mean you sound like gigantic boring fag with no understanding of fun because you think life should be about utility and nothing more. If you do get married, you'll find an equally boring partner and have mechanical robot sex purely for procreative means, and at least one of your offspring will kill themselves due to your authoritarian manner. You'll push fucked up kids through the system to abusive psychopaths, and not care in the slightest when they fall prey to them, because you did your job in a perfunctory manner. You probably watch 'Frazier' like it's hardcore pornography, and get sexually excited when observing the stock market. What l'm saying is, is that you're a gigantic faggot. 
 Lost interest in GoT quickly, BB left no lasting impression on me-though Mad Men was slow, it ultimately felt worth watching 
  then you are a faggot  a huge faggot  you should probably kill yourself 
 You don't know me, fagbag. You think because I insulted your man child culture that I'm a robot? I've been through the ringer of drugs, abuse, and homelessness and that's probably why I can see how shallow and vapid this culture of fat lazy self absorbed consumers is. 
 go back to 4chan 
 Because it has much dialogs and no action? Or because you don't like the setup, decorations and so on? 
 Probably... But what are YOU doing about it? 
 over hyped comes to mind, I was expecting to be drawn in and I simply wasn't 
 you're just a whiney little bitch who feels pressure cause he stands out, stop being a bitch and standout with pride motherfucker 
 It's called being a cynical asshole 
 Sounds like you're a Fucken hipster faggot.  Cha the world's so super lame and everyone's just a sheep. Why am I better then them all? You're just a goth that got to level 24 and evolved into a hipster.   Who gives a Fuck what a son of a doctor wants to pursue. It's his fucken life. You're just upset that your own dream is so shitty you take it out on true passion.  Either way Fuck off hipster faggot 
  no, you're an elitist prick on an ego-trip with special-snowflake-syndrome coming out every bodily orifice.  some people dig shit you don't dig, deal with it like an actual adult. 
  you should be anyways everyone needs to work in a factory or on a collectivized farm for the glory of the people and nation 
 communism =/= the soviet union 
 
/b/ i'm losing my girlfriend and i'm not sure how to go about it. she used to always kiss my ass and be sweet, i would spoil her and treat her good. we had a baby together last year, which was awesome, but we also moved to a new apartment, and things went downhill from there. we were supposed to split the rent and i would cover the rest of the bills, but she didn't even do that. she hasn't worked since i've been with her (over 3 years). we ended up moving back to her parents property. things are tough with the home life and now it's like she doesn't give a shit. i do everything i can with what i have but all i feel from her now is apathy. i know she doesn't want to be with me, which i even told her is okay, but to at least tell me. she claims though that she still wants it to work. last night she treated me like straight shit and i haven't spoken to her since. i guess i'm waiting for an apology that i probably won't get. what do /b/? break it off? try, try again? wait it out? it's making me very sad, i do want it to work.  dr OP baws over his gf '  
Fuck that lazy bitch.  Also post nudes plox 
 You sound alright, for a faggot. You know the deal. Two choices Stay Go Nothing else exists. Stay as long as you can, but don't be miserable for anyone. Gl faggot. 
 i agree anon, but in staying do i put in the effort of ass kissing and being sweet? it has been my common practice to back off, show a little bit of disinterest even, and they'll always come back. but with this one... i dunno man. wise words though, thank you 
Take it from someone who's been there. End that shit, you're not happy, she's definitely not happy. Kids pick that shit up and it really does fuck with them seeing parents fight. Not worth it. You may be like " i CAN be happy if she changes or if she tries." Point is she's not. Find someone better with ambition 
 you're definitely right... the toughest part though is my daughter, i don't want her out of my life... and i know she's not so grimy as to keep her from me completely, but i definitely wouldn't see her as much. plus she's a shitty parent overall. i don't want my little girl turning out like her brother (not by me) 
 No. Treat her how she treats you. I have a passive aggressive wife, and if I treat her sweet whole she's in bitch mode, she's a bigger bitch.  I have no wisdom, just experience. Yw, faggot. 
 :3 
Hate to be that one guy, but could it be she has depression? 
 Having depression isnt an excuse for treating people like shit 
 Wasn't saying that, but at least in that case there's a tangible problem which can be adressed and alleviated 
 probably. and i try to talk to her about feelings and shit, something i'm not used to. all my past girlfriends they were the ones that wanted to talk about feelings all the time, but she never does. it's hard to be there for her when she sucks at communicating, which i know is a staple to any functional relationship. she's making me depressed too though, for real mang. i want this shit to work but like  this gentleman said, she's not fucking trying.   
 yeah no shit especially when the person you're treating like shit is trying to be there for you 
 Only if she's willing though. . .   It sounds like y'all need a break. You sound like a great guy, you deserve respect in a relationship and a love that lifts your soul. 
 Anon brings up a good point.   How long ago did you have baby? Post partum depression is real, and can last quite a while. I like you, faggot, so I'm going to go dig up some links. Be patient I'm on my phone atm. 
 I see this shit happen all the time where i'm from. ive lost so many friends. In fact i'm gonna loose my latest drinking buddy in 8 months to the shit and he is gonna end up loosing her cause they can't stay together and raise some kid.  That was your problem dude having kids ruin young relationships   Wrap it or get abortions man I just don't get it? 
   How old are you op? 
Few links, but I can only cut and paste one at a time because technology (or I'm stupid).  
 I just figured. He sounded like he was in his early-mid 20's 
 Fuck that bitch nigga, know your worth and give it to a real woman. She's playing because she doesn't have a real drive in her to go do something with her self. You best help her find herself or you go be yourself and a responsible father, which I'll go so far as to assume you already are. 
 
 play vidya 
 Woah, steady girl... 
Good luck. 
Donald Trump 
 Trump would be a good president. 
 i do something good, good will be back to me 
 patriarchy 
 things are fair 
God 
democracy 
 feminism 
voting republican voting democrat religions 
 - Bernie Sanders - Donald Trump - Putin is our god and savior. 
jesus 
 free will 
 holocaust 
 Socialism is good. Hitler was evil Donald trump wont make america great again. America is not shit rn Multicultural is good Feminism is good 1st world people have it difficult 
furs, traps, and fags have a place on /b/ /thread 
homosmex is immoral or you can't be moral without religion 
 Democracy 
  right 
Gravity 
Harvey Dent 
 kekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekek ekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekeke kekekekekek 40 keks 
 m00t is alive 
 This 
   
 Creationism. 
Dinosaurs 
 Greedo shot first 
 furs can go   stop lying to yourself 
 Not nuking pakiland is a good thing. 
your mom didn't give them hepatitis 
 These dubs 
 God? 
 +1 
Freedom 
 That 9/11 wasn't an inside job 
that man made global warming is settled science 
 Yep. 
 That you can't divide by zero 
 Holocaust 
 That life has any inherent meaning and that we as a race will ever amount to anything more than dirt on a wasted and dead planet 
That black lives matter 
Atheist god? 
 everyone on 4chan is a hacker 
You're retarded if you "believe" anything. 
religion global warming democracy illuminati 
  
Hitler was a bad guy 
 Flat Earth Conspiracy. 
that billionaires have never put presidents into power 
Religion Equality Basic Human Rights Moral Capitalism Social Strata Equality Justice and Law Hitler killed 6 Million Jews The end of the world by nature phenomenon Evolution Space colonization Apple™ Earth is 6000 years old 
 Bernie Sanders 
 Socialism 
That you aren't retarded for voting republicandemocrat 
Wage inequality. 
 This 
Jet fuel can melt steel beams 
 that good will defeat evil always  good guy will win  there is always a savior tomorrow will be a better day our government work to keep us safe  the police are here to protect my rights  the world is rolled by a mysterious group called Illuminati 
Money 
 Obviously life has no inherent meaning. Also, consider any organism whatsoever like that we have experienced. Things like this will always just be on "wasted dead planets," however look at what just a couple of humans have done (I say a couple for the entire human race does not deserve to be attributed what only a select few have achieved). I'm not saying that we're for sure ever going to get off this lone planet, but you're an absolute retard if you give us the same value as dirt. Go fuck yourself. 
Gaben 
 bernie sanders god vaccine safety 
 umad 
   who are you/would you vote for if you had to pick someone? 
 Goddamn right I am. If you don't agree with me you can go fuck yourself too. 
 
 
 
This picture triggered me so hard... Faggot man-child...check  Obese coal burner...check  Niglet..check Cheap Chinese American flag...check Kike lovers...check   I r so triggered! 
Alright /b/, i've been given this riddle to solve today.. i can't come up with a solution.. any help? ideas? 
  w-x=9 x+y=2 z-y=14 w+z=12  now solve 
it doesnt have a solution 
 you get an invalid equation,something like -11=2 or something 
 
i am trying, you guys think there is any solution to this? i am trying all numbers, decimals too 
 there's no solution mate,as i've said,just let it be 
 I + II = w+y = 11 + III = w+z = 25 = 12  OP this can't be solved 
alright thanks guys 
 kek 
I find a solution using a numerical method that you noobs won't even understand. Roll dubs and I will give you the solution. 
 
   
 Already solved it. There is no solution because 0 cannot equal 1 
 Is that what they teach you in schools nowadays? I found my solution using top tier mathmatical methods that only 0,01% of the world population know about 
 inb4 this turns into copypasta.  Also working on solution. 
  kek 
what happens if you times two negative numbers together?  it's been a while since school 
 I found the solution using THIS ONE CRAZY TRICK to solve equations FOR FREE 
 This guy just solved this solutions by using one simple trick. 
 you get a positive, however there are no multiplications in the puzzle. 
 Actually this guy is kinda right. I also found a very complex solution to this problem. I don't think that it is solvable for anyone who didn't study maths though. 
It is unsolvable without changing one of the = known values.  Gonna keep looking though, kinda just experimenting 
 has no solution, cause rank(A)rank(A|b) 
4 equations and 4 unknows.  use linear algebra 
Give me some time, I'm solving this in Excel 
 fine  0 0 0 0 | 13 is your proof 
The 14 should be a 1. Then you can start with any number and solve it every time 
 MATHEMATICIANS HATE HIM  Find out how this faggot solved this HUGE math problem in ONE EASY TRICK learn to use FOR FREE 20 pound A$$ AND PU$$Y! 
closest to solution (top left top right bottom left bottom right) is +4, -5, +8, +7 
 forgot to mention, this is one out on one equation 
 Also, there is genuinely no solution. Not that there's anyone left in thread anyway. 
OP, your riddle is unsolvable 
One way to solve this is to work modulo 13. Then 14 = 1 and we get 13 solutions : for example w = 10 x = 1 y = 1 z = 2 
 But that doesn't solve it. 
OP here, i guess it really is unsolvable, it's just to make people mad i suppose xD, thanks for trying guys 3 love /b/ 
The other ones are given by w = 11-y x = 2-y z = 1-y  with y from 0 to 12 
It is solvable, the 14 should be a 1. That's the solution to the riddle. It is an error that you need to find. Do this and it doesn't matter what number you start with, it is always solvable. 
It's a riddle guys stop thinking maths and "fill in the squares" just colour them in.... 
 That solve it modulo 13 because 14 = 1 
 "So in that sense, what it the answer that was wrong or the question?" - David Mitchell. 
 yes without modulo 13 it is unsolvable 
4 equations, 4 incognites. Really? 
 OP the 14 has to be a 1 in order to sovle this 
 It's a RIDDLE everyone is looking at the math and not the question.... Idiots 
 
  Sorry, i didn't mean riddle, i dont know the other word for it, just math equation? :D 
  faggot 
  12 - 2 = 14 fuckin genius 
  
 You changed the bottom left answer. And 12-2 doesnt equal 14 
ITT: post your best sexual experience             whats wrong, honey?"  dont worry, we are home in 20 mins"     its really that bad, uh?" she says and smiles         you owe me one, honey"  god damn that was the moment I fell in love with her. I would have married that girl if she didnt dump me 5 days later for someone with bigger abs  I have a piss fetish since that night. Not a single girl I have been with since would have done even light pee stuff :/ 
              good times 
I jacked it It went in my eye and burned so much 
 not best, but definetly the funniest one        hey anon, is that kevins mum?" i think so"            yes shes volunteering every friday evening from 5pm to 7pm. are you guys 18? 10 bucks for a 10 minute blow "    we couldnt believe what we just found out and that such things exist where we live  cont. 
 cont      we want a blowjob from that glory hole"    suddenly our evil minds come to shine hey anon, isnt kevin turning 18 next week?" we should totally buy him this blowjob as his present no man we cant do that...or can we?"  next friday we take kevin to that sex store saying we have a surprise for him come on kevin its time to get in contact with girls" we all have done this when we turned 18" dont be such a pussy or you will die a virgin"                 Kevin if you are reading this, we are so sorry 
 now this. 
  thats pretty much how you create a serial killer 10/10 topkek if its true 
Be me pic reated 
 this is why obama wants our guns 
 oh look, a nigger 
 that is absolutely disgusting. makes me sick to the stomach. what the fuck is wrong with you? 
 according to porn, there are plenty of people like me with a piss fetish 
 My version its really that bad, uh?" she says and smiles         
  According to porn, we're all perfectly normal. 
 Wo ? 
  
 exactly what i feel about this 
    I did it guys 
 how did u know I was german?  anyway, Leipzig. But the sex store closed last year, sadly 
 Merkt man an deinem Englisch, und an Kevin. 
  Would you mind fucing me in the ass Anon?" Why of course my dear"     OMFG I have such bad tummy pain Anon"     ' '  She was a dirty bitch. I think I miss her. 
 can't tell you won't believe me.  gotta go anyway 
 Post it anon, do it. This is /b/, we belive in everything, even space anons from another dimension.   I don't have best sexual expirience. It's kinda pisses me off how much of a pussy i was, first serious gf was into all kind of kinky stuff and i was like "nah, fuck it". Fuck me and my testosterone. 
    almost makes life worth living 
idk about best but this one was pretty hot, still fap to it    '        we could take our shirts off" I say jokingly ok"   nice tits" can I?"    you're giving me a hard on. wanna see it?" of course" you HAVE to let me try it       Never really talked about it after, only fucked one other time when other roomie was gone. She woke me up one morning telling me she was horny. I suppose the hottest thing about it was how casual it was, as I mentioned I never really thought about her in that way. Was pretty great. 
 sauce 
  I am into domination, so my favorite experience was with a girl I used to know after we hooked back up a few years later. She was a submissive thing while we played, but kept that mischievous look in her eyes that made me want to just wreck her.  She put on a french maid outfit and did whatever I told her to do for a preset length of time. Whatever I told her. There is nothing like having a hot little sex toy to play with. 
 I want this :( 
Lots of good ones.  ' '  '           '       God damn she was a fun fuck 
 any pics? 
I've never tried anal however thinking I may suggest to gf just to tick it off the bucketlist. Never really been interested in it until lately. Instant boner loss will happen if I see something gross.  Is it worth it or overrated? What are your experiences with it? 
 Anal sex has pros and cons.  It has that taboo to it which is really nice, you can cum in her ass without fear of pregnancy is nice, it can hurt her a bit, which can be sexy if you're into that, also, temperature-wise it's really hot, which feels amazing.  The cons are that her ass is not DESIGNED to milk off your dick like her pussy is, and also it's an ass, so there could be a little bit messy, though I haven't had that experience, always been clean and pleasant. 
 Can't recall /b/rother. Used to be on Adultwork somewhere north UK I think.  But I'm old and my memory aint what it used to be. 
 personally i've always found it awesome, though it is a fetish of mine, basically one of the big differences for me is that an asshole is tight at the base of your dick which feels fucking great, use condoms, and don't cum in her ass though, she'll probably fucking hate it 
So.. Me and my ex girlfriend had a huge fight one day and we "basically" broke up. Went to my sisters apartment as she was on vacation and invited a girl i knew over. 8,5/10, 18 years old                 next day when she leaves my now ex girlfriend have called me 30+ times and texting how we actually didn't break up and that she loves me..  MFW 
   
 Came in a glass a few hours ago and drank the majority of it. A couple of minutes ago I saw there was some left so I poured it on my desk and licked it off. It was nice :) 
  It's fun, tight, and taboo. It's also dirty. There will be smells. So I dunno, man, it's up to you. I personally think it's worth it. The dirtiness is part of why it's sexy. 
This is the most sex-relate experience I ever had                   stop rape" long texts at facebook.                  
 The extra tightness and warmth sounds appealing. I'm surpised to hear from a number of people that their experiences with anal has mostly been clean, I thought it would be messy 80% of the time.   Smells could put me off. The ass funk from doggy is borderline for me. 
 Ask your gf to do enema before, my gf was doing it (didn't even asked, she was just clean-freak), super clean, nothing dirty, 0 smell, 
 I know a lot of Europeans that refer to money as bucks because they learn English with a lot of american slang thrown in, thinking that it just refers to currency rather than dollars specifically. I have a friend from Finland who calls it bucks. 
       I wonder how male orgasm looks like" lol nigga you dont watch porn?" of course not" I can show you if you want"       '    the best part was her biting her lip when I started to cum. ended up losing my virginity to her. she turned out to be a psycho bitch later. oh well, life. 
A couple years back I went on vacation with a whole bunch of family friends. My gf at the time came with me. This girl is there. Never seen her. But she's eye fucking me the whole time. So I get her number. Don't text because we're in the same house anyways. Up late in the night. Playing a game of billiards with the girl. Go upstairs, as she's walking a grabs her hips and her hair and bite at her neck. Realize what I did was wrong. So sorry. Girlfriend is sleeping on the couch. We're on the other couch not even 3 feet away. She starts to put her hand on my lap. Then into my pants. Then she goes under the blanket and starts going down on me.  Didn't finish. But hard as fuck. We go to the bathroom and fuck. After that night. We fucked a couple more times. She one hell of an ass. 
  Maybe not the thing for you, then. You could do what this guy said  Or have her get it bleached or something. It doesn't bother me enough to be worth the extra effort and planning. I like to just decide in the moment if it's an ass fuck sort of moment or not. 
 Yeah I'd suggest that prior to it. I get the feeling she wouldn't be down for anal so would take a lot of convincing. Any of you have a gf who showed no interest in it but ended up convincing to do it?   Probably not but I'd like to try it to see what its like. 
       Im sorry its really easy for me to cum!"  We fuck a few times after that, not even the best sex ive had but she was an unbelievably cute blonde with an amazing ass that i'll never forget 
      ' '      
 This, use condoms. I bare back a few girls anal and always got a UTI infection. 
 Several ways. And also depends why she doesn't like anal - if she's like "it's dirty" it might be harder to convince her than with "it'll be painful". But try play a lot with/around her butt. Massage her and focus on butt, slaps her, then - with time - try to go with one finger around, she'll be like "no anon no" but it's easier to convince her to put just one finger - only a bit to see if she like it - than whole dick. And if you're doing it right she'll ask to put more and then, well, go for it anonboy. 
 Lol bitches be trippin 
 fake and gay 
 thanks for the advice anon, will try it out. One time during doggy I put my thumb just at the entrance to her ass, but when I tried to do it another time she kept pulling my hand away 
 You know what's gay? Your face.    No problem and good luck! Just make her comofrtable with your hands on her butt, there are some oils for massage, they feel nice (tho they're ripoff), there's also taking shower together and wash together. 
What happens when two weebs share the same waifu? Do they get jealous? 
Honorable battle must occur 
I bested my rival in honorable combat. 
 Katana duel. 
 
Kik slut thread. 
Bump 
goddessrosex adelaide, south australia bitch 
Ktkrazy87 
 Any pics of her? She hasn't responded to my message 
Some girls are at lest replying this time. 
HelenaLolita Soooo whore... 
alinax1996 ask her about the dude she blew at the pizza shop 
Bump 
Working on it 
 
 
Name a song to be the outro of the world god plays during the apocalypse. 
 GOD DOESN'T EXIST FAGGOT. 
 always i want to be with you  
 
There is no such person. 
 /thread 
 
 
 
So /b/, I'm getting a root canal done in a few hours. Any encouragement to keep me from being a pussy? 
Tell him to go deep because you like getting drilled in the mouth and ass 
take xanax beforehand 
Don't be a pussy 
It's not that scary. Its just not pleasant.  First he will put a "medication" that will kill your nerve and after a week or so you go back in opens it up and just clean the canals wich doesn't hurt at all, files them up with some medication, and after a some time you go back in so he can fill the canals permenantly and put a permenant filling. The whole proces doesn't hurt at i did it with no anestesia. 
 Odd, I'll be getting all of it done at once. That a norm? 
 Had it before, the injection to numb you hurts a bit, then after that you can't feel shit, it feels like they're spraying water on the inside of your mouth half the time. Not painful at all. 
 Hmmm i gues they do it differently here in Serbia. Well i gues they will drug you out of your mind then. The whole point of killing the nerve is so you can't feal a thing when he is cleaning the tooth. That is why it goes in steps. And there is no need for an anestetik this way.  I presume you still won't feal a thing. Perhaps a bit sore after. :D 
Grab some homeopatic Arnika 1000, like 1h before just 10 pc. ... everything will be fine 
Just go for it man, I had all my wisdom teeth pulled and honestly, the most painful thing is the aenesthetic, after that it's fine.  Olay, and the aftermath sucks shit, but only for like a few days. 
I never had a root canal but I had some really really bad cavities that needed some serious drilling.  They numbed me first with this gel on a qtip to numb the surface of the gums. Once that settled in they used the shot and numbed up the nerves. After that they went to wor and I didn't feel a thing.   I think the material from their gums were more irritating on my skin than anything. Good luck anon 
 It does´nt hurt you fucking nerd 
 are you getting a root canal + crown, or just the root canal? 
 Root canal + crown. Have to go to 2 different offices over an hour away from each other because insurance reasons. 
 I have performed several root canals, they'll numb the shit out you before they do anything.You shouldn't feel a thing. 
 I had it done too, it's not as bad as you think. No worse than normal drilling. 
You can't feel shit durring the procedure. Then yhe numbing goes away, and your left with a sore ass gum and jaw for a few days. 
 I had 2 root canals. Maybe I had the best dentist ever but the only thing that hurt was the novacaine shots. after that it was nothing. 
 typical american insurance. 
I do a few root canal treatments everyday. It's fine, mate. Patients can get a bit bored. Just make sure he numbs the fuck out of it. Oh and get a good crown or bonded filling after or your tooth will break. 
Just pull your teeth cheaper and less painfull. Or eat coke numb your mouth. 
Thanks anons, this dental pussy now feel better from all of your reassurances. 
Take it in the mouth you faggot 
 It's a needle. That's all you feel then a bit of pulling and shoving on your head.   I had it done at once too, was simply a needle to numb you then the drill down the length of the tooth and hollowed out the root and filled it.  simple really. Just ask if they are putting in a white filling. they are visable otherwise. 
 I've had it done twice on the same tooth. If the Dr. uses the good novacain then there is zero pain and all you feel is pressure. 
 it's actually nothing to be worried about. it takes no more than 10minutes and for you it will feel like 2 minutes. The dentist is one who should be anxious and not you. You stupid patient piece of shit. do you realize how hard is it for the dentists? you mother fucker. just sit on your fuckin chair and keep your mouth open you bitch. 
 shit i had one done some time ago and i almost fainted because of that anesthetic shit they inject in your gums. blood pressure dropped like a motherfucker i thought i was going to die. srsly 
The only reason I'm worried, is when I was younger I had cavities. (As you can clearly fucking tell) and while I was in their office, the fucking bitch dentist used a tool and without any numbing agent, went and poked at the nerve inside a cavity.   So I'm a justified pussy. Kek. 
 now they give you a little dab of something to numb you before they give you the shot to really numb you. 
The worst part is just feeling the vibrations from the drill going thru you the root canal don't hurt at all. Just tender afterwards for a while. 
had one root canal done years ago where the dentist got the tooth  gums good and numb. but the root flesh beyond the end of the tooth root was unfortunately still active.  the drilling went fine, and scraping out the root with the root file went fine too.....untill he finally reached the very end of the tooth root and started digging into part of the un-numbed root flesh. pain was like a bolt of lightning shot through my jaw. i grabbed his hand and damn near stood straight up in the chair cuz of the pain. 2 more novacaine shots directly under the tooth  all was good again. 
hopefully your mother is going with you to hold your hand like the little manlet you are. I got my root canal done without any numbing. then I cut my own arm off just to show the dentist I'm a man. he gave me a fucking pink toothbrush and flashed a little smartass smirk.   
Do what I do imagine your Ivan drago when he's emotionless getting the syringe n sing hearts on fire inside your head, works like a charm. 
 I don't know, op. I had two root canals done on the same tooth because the first guy didn't go deep enough. Then the second guy went too far and broke my tooth. So I had to have it extracted completely and have a post drilled into my jawbone. All while just sitting there awake with local numbing. 
Don't leave the office without a motherfucking sticker either. 
 You look fat. 
  I had one of those. Did you see white? I did. 
 You look fat. 
 Racist. 
 Nice Cheeto residue. 
 The dentist will fuck your tooth with a mechanical device made of steel. It will hurt. 
Just had one done a couple weeks back.  I took an oxy beforehand to make it a bit easier. Highly recommended if you can swing it. I suppose you could buy like 6 jars of poppie seeds from Kroger and make opiate juice  But, there was pretty much no pain. Really just the discomfort of sitting there a while.  You've got nothing to worry about as long as you've got a good dentist. 
 Man, your dentist must suck. My pain level probably never exceeded a 2 
 
Sup /b  ITT: anons help me find a low budget gaming pc  Since I`m planning to buy a new pc form games like wow, sc2, lol (no good graphics) I want to know your opinion on AMD VS INTEL and wich graphic card to choose       plz halp meh! 
This is mine. Cost $1000 CAD even, runs absolutely anything. 
   
  Buy used everything. gtx 950 is a good place to start for video cards. Of course, if you're going wicked low budget, you can score gtx 465, which I have and works fine for those games on relatively high settings. Bought for $50 on eBay 
amd cpu gpu not really as important because those games are cpu intensive, just get whatever is on sale 
 1 CAD = 1.5 EUR  I don't know where else you can cut costs...everything was bought on sale and with rebates and stuff... 
 1000CAD is 689euro you fucking retard, you act like he cant just skim a few bucks off here and there 
 Powercolor Radeon R9 380 PCS+/4G  (AMD): FX-6300 Asrock 970 Extreme4 EKL Alpenföhn Sella Crucial Ballistix Sport (2 × 4 GiByte, DDR3-1600, CL9 @ 1,50 Volt) Cooler Master B500 Ver. 2 (500 Watt) bought mine @mindfactory.de  
 tbh I`m not a big fan of buying used pc hardware... in addition the graphics should be better than my note book graphics (NVIDIA GeForce GT 540M) 
 go intel+nvidia Go for an i5, from whichever gen Then either a GTX950 or similar performance older gen card. You might even be able to find one that performs better than a GTX950 for similar pricing.  RAM and mobo make no difference in performance for gaming, so go with generic 8gb and a mobo with 16x PCIe slot to get the most outta yer GPU. And a 400w psu 
 well he can cut out the pointless fucking optical drive he can go down to 4/6gb ram he can torrent windows he can skip on the ssd's he can get a slightly lower quality cpu get a slightly lower quality gpu  wow that was hard, i just knocked off like 300cad 
 The price doesn't include any of the hard drives or optical. I took those off my old one. And who the fuck buys windows? lol 
 it`s nearly 300€ more than my minimum you fuckhead   yeah I mean I could buy more ram or a better gpu later the year... maybe I should spend on good CPU and Mainboard mostly 
 yea torrent windows ofc i wont spend about 100€ on windows...^^ 
Ordered a scratch and dent dell for 389 skylake I-5 6400 8gb ddr4 ram nvidia 730 gt 1tb hd ' 
  for that price its AMD 
  Is AMD okay? I mean... everyone i spoke to was like "noooo never get AMD, they run hot and they are crap" 
 Just fanboys. IIRC the i7 crushes everything AMD, but if you just can't afford one, AMD works fine, too. 
 guckst du hier: mindfactory.de  du brauchst: gehäuse (nim nen 0-8-15 tower gehäuse. Die bieten normalerweise für alles platz und sind billig) Motherboard (deine wahl, sieh nur zu dass deine hardware kompatibel ist) PSU (Power Supply-Unit, orientiere dich an der Watt-Leistung deiner graka + 200 Watt) RAM (wenigstens 8GB DDR3 / höhere DDR-Zahlen kommen üblicherweise mit höher RAM-lese-rate. Ich empfehle Kingston als hersteller) Festplatte (achte drauf dass es keine "green" ist. Lese /schreib geschwindigkeit bestimmt boot-zeit fürs system und lade-zeiten. Je schneller desto besser, aber ingame lag hängt üblicherweise von RAM-geschwindigkeit ab (oder vom netzwerk in online play) 1TB speichergröße reicht für den anfang) Graka (ich würd nvidia gtx 960 empfehlen kostet knapp über 200 und sichert dich für so gut wie alle spiele ab, sofern du bei 1080p auflösung bleibst) CPU (Intel i5 quad-core ist minimum für modernens gaming und relativ preiswert) DVD laufwerk (unnötig für steam nutzer oder piraten, aber wichtig für betriebs-system und erste treiber. Leistungsmerkmale spielen keine rolle)   Optional (und wirklich nicht benötigt): Soundkarte (normalerweise beim motherboard on board) Lizenz für Betriebs-system (nimm windows 7. Wird noch bis 2020 unterstützt und kommt mit kostenlosem upgrade auf win 10) Maus und Tastatur kosten jeweils 15€ bei logitech und halten ewig Monitor sprengt in jedem fall das budget. Hoffe du hast einen Kopfhörer kosten auch nur etwa 12€ wenn du diese nimmst: sie selbst. Guter, satter klang und sitzen bequem. Optional kauf dir nen mikro oder gleich ne webcam mit eingebauten micro. Headsets mit guter voice-quali kosten ne gute stange mehr.  Wenn du dich an meine tipps hällst kommst du bei etwa 400-500€ raus 
  choose one 
 ich spreche kein deutsch 
 That's not fair. I spent $500 CAD on a PC in 2010 and it can still run planet side 2 
 I also need a new gaming pc.  Can you recommend me a setup that can run games for the next ~5 years or so in the same price range ? 
 nah, my gaming pc can run new games and i only bought it at about 450 € 
 
 scrap that the 270 is really badly priced for the us 
 Tbh AMD can whup Intel's ass on graphics cards but it goes the other way around on processors. AMD processors are just crap, they cannot compete with intel on that one. So, AMD's gpu and intel's Processor. 
 didn't you say in the OP that you're a gerfag? 
 im not op 
 welp, too lazy to type everything again. run it trough google translator and ask again if any gibberish came out of it. 
 For the graphic card, you should try occasions, or find a place that sells old ones. I have a Nvidia GTX-660TI, Every game works on it, with high or max graphics (for instance :hitman absolution, Arma 3...) the only thing is to lower anti-aliasing (FXAA is the worse i think), it's ULTRA-greedy.  2nd thing : if you play FPS, you HAVE to buy a good (and new) mouse, with a big mousepad (for low sensi). I have razzer death adder, with a 15€ ozone mousepad.  For the rest... little motherboard, 8Go ram, intelcore i5 (try over 3 ghz)  I think you should do good with this. 
 okay I understand, thx anon :D   jow danke dir. also monitor/keyboard/maus etc hab ich alles, windows besorg ich noch. denke die gtx 960 fällt flach, da ich wohl erst mal nen guten cpu hole... graka kann ich noch nachrüsten iwann.  merci für deinen post anon! 
 If your only gaming and not editing videos and what not you can go quad core. Also 40% of your budget should be for the graphics card. Building a tower for 400 is doable but if your upgrading monitor and sound too its gonna be much more 
 kein ding, viel spaß beim shoppen^^ 
 here you go  
 You should be debating amd or nvidia gpu Amd cpu for low budget is a given 
 B8 
   Pick one 
 yea... but graphics are not that important to me... it`s more like sc2 should run in good fps without looking like sc1...  for good graphics I got my xbox one...   
 If i were you id go with intel an a second hand shit gpu, then upgrade down the road I did the same with my own system 
 yea that`s what I`m going to do so far what about the mainboard? how much should I spend... or whats important? 
   
Getting my spec to work with Oculus Rift (minimum) - i5 4590 - gtx 750 ti - 8 Gb memory - gigabyte b85 mobo  Only had to spend $300 upgrade until the $600 rift. 
 Buy a cheap prebuild + a second hand nvida 770/ mid line AMD. With a few fans you should have no problems with heat. Then down the road buy a case thats more then 50 euro and go from there. 
 yea thats right anon I`m not focused on graphics that hard since I mostly play MMO games and they are designed to run on nearly any pc 
   
Should I get a GPU with 2 or 4gb? 
 depends on the games you want to play. 
bump 
Simply wait for the next AMD Series of Graphiccards and CPUs coming this year. They tend to be more efficient and still cheaper than intel/Nvidia. And if not, you can still buy them. 
  No.. just no. 
Here are the important stats when building a computer.  Cpu must run stock speeds of 2.5ghz or higher, overclocking to at least 3.3ghz.  Gpu should have     Seriously consider an ssd for your boot drive, minimum 100gb  6gb of RAM minimum, rated at 1600mhz  500w power supply that tells you the amps on the rails ie 16A.  You don't need the latest cpu. You don't need the latest gpu. Follow these specs for any piece of hardware made within 4 years and you'll still have a great rig for the money. 
  maybe for GPU computing 
 
iframe src="//giphy.com/embed/e8cYt1IJLhI0 8" width="480" height="270" frameBorder="0" class="giphy-embed" allowFullScreen/iframepa href="GIPHY/a/p 
 Bitcoin mining (do people still do that?) is based on GPU computing. AMD GPU's are MUCH better at GPU computing. 
 AMDs GCN architecture is oriented towards massive parallel computing, whearas nvidias current rchitectures are more limited in that regard. this is why everyone farmed bitcoins with the 7970 back in the day when GPU bitcoin mining was viable. its also probably why AMD scales so damn well in resolutions, even on shit GPUs. 
 I literally just bought one for $700 USD that runs everything out here right now with great fps, and will be completely up-gradable for the next 10-ish. Save your money, faggot. 
 5970 or 5870 iirc. This was when btc traded at $20 (2011) . 
 If your mobo is intel, your ten year plan just went to shit if it includes viable cpu upgrades 
 to be a pretty competitive Product, especially if Intel still sells some processors for a lower price than it costs to produce them. 
 early on yeah, but the last card used for it was the 7970    wait for the benchmarks to come in, just in case that said, AMDs latest APU architecture looks great, too bad the OEMs fucking sabotaged it with single channel RAM and doubling the fucking price. 
 AMD, you fucking faggot. 
 socket AM3+ is dead on next release mang 
Should I get a 970 or a 390x? 
 Intel, duh you idiot. 
 
 
 
. 
 5,2,1 in that order Force 3 and 4 to 69 each other while me, 5, 2, and 1 piss on them 
 5 looks ug as fuck tho 
Deutschlandfaden, da der alte tot ist.   Heute Party?  Welche Verkleidung habt ihr?  Habt ihr schon "live und echte" Erfahrungen mit Flüchtlingen gemacht? Wenn ja, wie waren sie?  Gerade eine Salami-Familienpizza komplett alleine gegessen, wie viel Kalorien waren das?  Wie motiviert ihr euch selbst zum Sport?  Diskussionsfrage:  Russland denkt darüber nach, Softdrinks und Fastfood extra zu besteuern (wie in Mexico).  Findet ihr das gut oder schlecht? Ist das wirklich zum Wohle der Bevölkerung oder nur ein Seitenhieb Richtung USA? 
bump 
bump 2 
Ich war mal einen Tag in einem Flüchtlingscaffee. Die waren alle nett.  Sehe nicht wirklich, warum die so gehasst werden. Ich glaube die meisten dieser Pegidaleute sind noch nie mit Flüchtlingen aneinander geraten.  Allerdings lebe ich in einer ländlichen Region und da ist es nunmal anderes als in der Stadt. 
  nein?  alter, es ist ein stinknormaler dienstag hier in hamburg live und echte" Erfahrungen mit Flüchtlingen gemacht? nein  -  schätze 5000  motivationsvideos    zucker steuer wie in dänemark wäre toll  alles für das volk! 
  Nein, da ich kein Normi bin, bin alleine und unverkleidet in meiner Wohnung und spiele AC   Keine  live und echte" Erfahrungen mit Flüchtlingen gemacht? Ja, betteln bei uns in der Stadt. Wurde vor der Bank schon oft angesprochen.    Eher schlecht, als recht.    ~2000kcal, vllt. weniger, vllt. mehr, aber mehr brauchst du heute nicht essen.   Gar nicht, sitze zu Hause und mache gar nichts.      Puh, schwierig. Würde erstmal sagen gut. Wenn man sich alleine bei uns ansieht, wie viele Kinder Übergewichtig sind, und deren Eltern ihnen jeden Scheiß zum essen geben.    Denke eher, dass das ein Seitenhiber gegen die USA sein soll. 
Was ist da los, warum reportiert keiner mehr ein? 
  Echt? Bei uns in Bayern, haben sogar die Geschäfte zu, und die Städte sind in voller Karnevalsstimmung.  Das Zugunglück trübt die Stimmung kein bisschen. 
  Jep  keine live und echte" Erfahrungen mit Flüchtlingen gemacht?  Nein. Ich lasse mich nicht mit Moslems ein.  Zu viele für einen Tag.  Hör auf deine Zeit hier verschwenden und tu es.  Ich halte den Seitenhieb in Richtung USA für sehr weit hergeholt. 
Heute Party? Im bett hoffentlich!   Welche Verkleidung habt ihr? Karneval Nein danke.  Habt ihr schon "live und echte" Erfahrungen mit Flüchtlingen gemacht? Wenn ja, wie waren sie? Waren bei einem Fußball Turnier. 2 Mannschaften aus Hamburg. Waren sehr freundliche Männern.   Gerade eine Salami-Familienpizza komplett alleine gegessen, wie viel Kalorien waren das? 1896  Wie motiviert ihr euch selbst zum Sport? Das ist schwer. Entweder habe ich Bock oder nicht.   Diskussionsfrage:  Russland denkt darüber nach, Softdrinks und Fastfood extra zu besteuern (wie in Mexico). Findet ihr das gut oder schlecht? Ist das wirklich zum Wohle der Bevölkerung oder nur ein Seitenhieb Richtung USA?  Gute frage, kann ich gerade aber nicht drauf eingehen 
  Auch wenn ich heute gar nichts mehr esse? Hatte das wirklich über 1800 kcal? Kacke verdammte. 
ICH MACH HEUTE PARTY!!!  MACHST DU HEUTE PARTY!? 
 Bei meinem Tierarzt arbeitet auf freiwilliger Basis ein syrischer Veterinär. Sehr netter Kerl will nur aufgrund seiner Religion keine Hunde behandeln. Macht halt der andere Tierarzt dann. Seh aber kein Problem drin. Hat sich super um meine 2 Katzen gekümmert. 
 Hängt davon ab ob du heute noch sport machst. Davon hängt dein Nahrungsbedarf ab. Ist eine Wissenschaft für sich. Wie viel wiegst du? wie groß? 
 eher die gypsis die permanent betteln als die Flüchtlinge 
 bin eh schon zu fett.... Nein kann mich einfach nicht mehr zum Sport motivieren. IM sommer gings noch, aber jetzt gar kein Bock mehr.   Wiege 80kg auf 1,80... 
  Nein   Keine  live und echte" Erfahrungen mit Flüchtlingen gemacht? Ja   Laut   2000   Ja    Gut   Gut   Ja 
 C-cola 24/7 zu trinken und nur v-vor'm P-PC zu hocken w-war wohl doch keine gute Idee...  Going full Mineralwasser. tfw 
 Hast doch normalgewicht.  Kohlenhydrate reduzieren und Sport hilft. 
  Äh... Nein?  Nein live und echte" Erfahrungen mit Flüchtlingen gemacht? Beruflich ja  war ein kleiner alter Mann mit Turban der plötzlich vor mir stand. Musterte mich kurz und ging weiter. Sah aus wie einer dieser stereotypischen Araber, echt schräg  Zu viele  gar nicht    Gut  sowohl als auch 
    
  Nein, fällt aus (-Rosenheim)  / live und echte" Erfahrungen mit Flüchtlingen gemacht? Wenn ja, wie waren sie? Sehr nett und offen, wollte mich massieren (-bin M). Leider ist er traumatisiert weil seine eltern ermordet wurden. Ich war schon etwas scheiße zu ihm, was ich bereu und mich dafür schlagen könnte.  700-1400c/kal  Amphetamine jajaja 
  Nein.  Keine. live und echte" Erfahrungen mit Flüchtlingen gemacht?  Fragen immer nur nach dem Weg.  Zu viele.  Gar nicht, kann mich eh zu nichts motivieren zur Zeit.    Schlecht.  Eher ersteres. Sie hatten ja auch Alkohol mal höher versteuert. Wozu das führte, kann man sich ja denken. 
Wat is dat denn ich glaubs ja nicht  Wix.com. topkek 
  gar nicht schlecht eigentlich. Es gibt alternativen und fast food ist ein luxus gut. Fette leute legen nur größere bürden auf die Kranken kasse.  Sollte in Schland auch so sein damit wir es noch mal schaffen ein paar leute aufzustellen damit wir die champs elysee entlang maschieren können. 
bump 
Grüße vom schacht 
 ''  hello OP   ' ''   Ahhh it is good to be the king! The schwanz king! 
Kann man ein Paket zur Post liefern lassen, anstatt zu sich nach Hause, und es dann von dort abholen?  Wie muss man dabei vorgehen? 
 Was bist denn du für ne Schwuchtel? 
  nur an ein postfach oder paketstation. 
 Coler ist aber delikat. Trink ruhig weiter. 
 Nicht zuhause sein bzw Bude nicht auf machen und hoffen, dass nachbarn nicht da sind. 
Immer noch keiner drin? Bin jetzt ne halbe Stunde kacken und wixxen gewesen. Gehe ich wohl noch baden, vllt. ist dann mehr los. 
  Doch.  lel, was für Zeitverschwendung. Fürs kacken brauche ich maximal 5 Minuten und fappen dauert, wenn gewünscht, auch nicht länger. 
 zu viele Fragen OP 4 fragen maximal sonst kommt hier nichts zustande 
 Deine Hurenmutter bekommt nichts zustande. 
  Habe während dem kacken und wixxen noch das Mixtape war on fire, da konnte ich einfach nicht vorher aufhören. 
 dich erwisch ich noch, mein Freund 
 Ok, danke. 
 Riesenhaufen gekackt? 
   oh mann dir ist langweilig, du machst n dummen thread auf um die langeweile zu besiegen und kriegst dann nichts   sage  and hidden 
Fußball als Integrationsförderung? 
   (You)  ob du behindert bist? 
  schlecht 
 liegt am OP  sage and hidden 
 mach nur weiter so mein Lieber, aber wenn ich dich erst dran hab wirst du dich noch umsehen 
 gemeldet denk mal über dein Leben nach mein guter 
Hab mal das Ganze hier gemeldet, ist nicht Regelkonform.  Schönen Tag noch. 
 geh mir meinen schwanz lutschen du penner. 
Das ganze Ensamble habe ich hier mal dem Vorsitzenden gemeldet, sollte so nicht aussehen.  Schönen Tag noch OP. 
  Nein. Wieso auch?  Nichts.  Nein.  Nicht verfügbar.  Bissu behindert, dassu sowas nicht ausrechnen kannst?  Di  Do Nachts laufen. Das war's. Gute Mukke und passt. Psy-Trance macht immer hibbelig.  Letzteres. 
Haley da? 
BA  BA   BANKÜBERFALL! 
So bin auch raus, gehe jetzt mit meinem Bruder und paar Kumpels von ihm auf einen Faschingsball. Gehe als Pilot. Extra die Sachen von meinem Dad ausgeliehen.  Wünscht mir Glück, vllt. bekomme ich ja ein ein fesches Mädl ab. 
 viel Spaß, Drecksnormie musst danach garnicht wieder kommen, solche wie dich wollen wir hier nicht 
 Wäre froh, wenn ich endlich von hier verschwinden könnte. Als ob das hier so toll ist... kek. 
  wenn du nicht mal das schaffst, sind deine Chancen heute ein fesches Mädl abzubekommen wohl eh nicht so gut 
 Bin zuversichtlich, habe meinen Bruder dabei, der ist genau das Gegenteil von mir. Vllt. hilft er mir heute. Außerdem hab ich noch 3 Joints in meiner Zigarettenpackung.  Bin daher deutlich positiv eingestellt.   Faschingsball- Mettchen werden betrunken - Bruder kennt viele, sitzen da und reden - bindet mich in die Gespräche mit ein - schlägt irgendwann vor, ob wir nicht zu ihm wollen und dann vllt. eine after Party - gehen zu ihm in die WG in das Saalzimmer -  Spielen Bier-Pong - Frage ein Mettchen ob sie Bock hat zu dübeln - Dübeln aufm Bad - Hauen rum - ficki ficki für mich im Zimmer meines Bruders - Profit!  So stelll ich es mir zumindest vor. 
 klingt ordentlich, wünsche dir viel Glück für dein Vorhaben  aber wie gesagt, wenn's klappt tu dir selbst einen Gefallen und komm nicht zurück, bau stattdessen lieber auf dem Erfolg auf 
   Unf unf unf unf unf oooohhh yeeeaaahh! (in the voice of the Kool Aid Man having a powerful orgasm)       
  dann morgen mittag bericht erstatten! 
 
 
 
 
 
 
How to Pick Up milf?  
 They like it when you wip it out during conversation. 
 This I can confirm, milfs don't have time to play games 
 Its really simple you don't. Your milf fantasy was created by mommy issues and porn industry. 
           
 can't let these quads go unchecked, kill yourself otherwise thoough anon 
 
 
  checked  crap story though. fuckin' turkey 
 Quadroplegic 
 
 Story was awful. 
this is a story of how I went to war, I don't even know why I'm posting here    ' shit   
 
pick your new wife no divorce for 10 years 
2 because cameltoe 
1 has the most normal face of them. Plus who doesn't love a tight blonde 
 you mean camel face, right? 
 she literally looks like sid the sloth. 
#1 drives a Chrysler so I'll pass  And take 3 instead 
3 that camel toe 
Dibs on the ugly one 
 rock'n roll mate 
 44444444444444444444444444444444444 44444444 
Georgia Hale Phoenix, AZ Find her 
hello /b/  what is this thing? i have been living in lack of knowledge for 2 years now, i really would like to know. i stole it from my chemistry class. 
same thing from another angle 
its a buttplug, try it 
and another  looking forward to hear from u 
 no it aint a buttplug, these things look different 
 it's a knife for modelism probably 
well mabye if you paid attention in class you'd know. 
 i'm pretty sure we didn't use things like this. 
 Why did you steal it? You aren't even black. 
 I'm pretty sure that's not a chemistry thing 
 i stole it because i could.   yeah that's even true maybe. it has a weird symbol on it. probably made in USSR. 
 i know this symbol wait 5 minute i will remember what it mean 
i know what it is, but you have to put it in pooper for it. 
circumcision tool for small penises 
  Why did you choose to behave like a nigger? Are you Mexican at least? White people shouldn't behave like this. 
 dont worry im young and dumb 
 Med fag here.. This is a penis hole stretcher. The "wing" as we like to call it is meant to hold back the foreskin of undeveloped heathens. 
 
 
 
Lets have a dick rate thread !!! 
 
 
You are now aware most of your friends probably fapped to your girfriend. 
  Jokes on them i fapped to most of their girlfriends first 
My girlfriend is a very recent acquisition so my friends don't know her yet. I win 
 It's inevitable though. 
 
 
You've been made sultan! Show us who you're adding to your harem, and tell us if she's for breeding or will be fixed. 
 
 
 
Anons!  What is the best way to find a girl for a fuck-relationship!? (Pease no Internet-Chatroom, or other Website recommendations!) 
 Dress well, go to a night club, buy drinks for chicks, eventually you'll go home with one of them. They're there for the same reason you are. This is why these places exist. 
 Walk around and ask then.  Do what was done before the internet, then genius. Talk to them. I'm socially retarded, but I have no problems telling if a girl likes me. 
 Scratch that, walk in and wait for a girl to buy you a drink. You'll just blow add loads of money on shallow girls if you're buying. Also, don't shave or dress up. 
  This 
 Tip #1 don't actually buy any drinks for any girls. Tip #2 just don't buy any drinks for any girls ever! unless you owe em for a rounds etc. 
 I'm autistic, literally socially retarded, tinder worked for me.  I lift, have a decent physique and am told I look like Zac Efron. I sit around and girls come up to me. If I don't do anything but say sure, they'll take me somewhere and think I'm mysterious for not talking. Even if I'm looking out the window thinking about building a bridge or listening to a song and being able to play it on an instrument I've never picked up or any other retard super powers.  I do interesting things. Go break into an abandoned prison, tell them the story of that. Do card tricks, it makes approaching easy, I do it without saying anything because retard.  That's really it. Use tinder, look good, do interesting things. 
   Fail.  This. 
    uh. could you please decide on what you want before asking?  the best way, or offline? can't have both. 
ITT: State any realisation of great truth, doesn't matter if you were on drugs or in hospital or dying or whatever just state it.      Anyway I'll start, take these as separate or linear but these have been both individual thoughts, group talks and info learned through various sources, but feel free to disregard since I'm not citing fuck all, do you own research..  1/3  The true reality is the understanding that from literal nothingness you exist from 0 to 1, in what was described as the appearance of light from darkness, or a explosion of energy, again from nothingness to a singularity that expanded.  By what could only be described as an oscillation from - to + on the largest scale conceived.  From that, it stabilised and organised itself into a more and more complex series of patterns, the number you cannot comprehend, the study of which is ongoing, and is subject to change, the same is true with the observer also.  Consider:  1. If you're reading this, you are an extremely complex structure of cells, which currently attempts to absorb the maximum amount of information to succeed in it's current environment and pass that information on, either genetically or via direct information transfer(teaching).  2. We live in a 4 dimensional universe, 3 spatial dimension's and the 4th being time entropy, whatever. It's the awareness of the movement and change around us, we more so notice this with ourselves, in terms of aging and mortality, life begins to feel like an eternal stream..in which we are renewed every generation.(Your idea of reincarnation is not a set task, everything is your choice.  3. Reducing all ideas of scientific creation, we know that initially we emerged from a decaying globule of cooled material from a star - again, just a gigantic mass of atoms that congealed within space, eventually crushing itself with so much pressure they fuse together, releasing enough energy to ignite itself.   
 2/3  4. This chain reaction creates more and more intricate and complex materials, which is just the same base material, forced into the same space, and it's density is all we consider matter to be.  5. You, being part of this reaction, have been building yourself since time began, and the idea of God is the realisation that subtle conscious choices have been made over eons, that same consciousness eventually emerged within the same congealed mass(that came from nothing) to stroll around it, breath it in, eat it, drink it, dance and jump and laugh and cry in it..  6. You developed instruments and could perceive all this energy in various spectrum's and manipulate it in various densities, and the culmination of these was dubbed our 'perceived reality'.  7. You go back where you game from, which is 'everything'- 'God' is a misnomer, as it's been limited and anthropomorphised to the point it reduces our need to expand, we need an infinite view of God, a new secular religion that people don't call religion. 
  3/3  8. Things seem so different after playing in this way, we forgot our purpose, some people still know it's all a dream, a long one that we share, some people are trying to turn into a nightmare, and we cant tell the difference between the angels and demons which all people are, in truth. The battle of good and evil is the same as our struggle for existence.  9. Something that wants to exist and flourish going against something that wants to remain still and empty is our existence, and it's why it's a struggle, we literally are fighting to survive by being alive.  10. Now, when you really think about it, can you really say you are not just a thought, a dream? There is no difference between a simulated existence and existence, all existence and awareness is the same and comes from the same point, the end of your story doesn't end with a fade to white and endless bliss, you are the light, and you cannot die, ever.  I like to believe I'm fighting the good fight, waking people up, one by one, if I'm not I'll just keep up the act til I die, then you won't be able to fault me.  But if you were here to be a predictable stream of eating, shitting, sleeping, dying then you shouldn't have came at all, that's why you're so depressed anon, that's why you feel so alone, that's why you can't leave your home, we're all out there anon, you can tell who we are, just by being yourself, and don't be afraid to judge, as you will also be judged, we'll never move forward if not. 
nothing new here. the sad thing is that 99% of humanity doesnt now this and is just living the wagecucklive. put more LSD in the drinking water plz. 
   Leaves that 1% again, the so called 'illuminated' people who know its all bullshit.  But they are a metaphor for the people who see only themselves and their knowledge as greater than others, they only care for themselves. 
 
HI AMERICANS. THERE ARE TWO CHAIRS. ON THE FIRST ARE PEAKS FLYWEIGHTS, ON THE OTHER ARE DICKS ERECTED. ON WHAT YOU WILL SIT DOWN, ON WHAT THE MOTHER HAS BEEN PLANTED? 
I'll just stand 
Can life experiences turn a normalfag into a psychopath? 
So you're really asking if experiences can change a person, which is a pretty dumb question... 
 Go live in a house full of women tell me. 
 not all rapists are psychopaths 
 Read up on Carl Panzram. He was a serial killer. But had some pretty sound thoughts on how people should be treated bs how they usually are.   In short yeah, life can turn people into psychopaths, but I think a preexisting condition must be there. Unless of course you go through something extremely traumatic. 
 Yes Bundy before killing worked at a suicide hotline and even saved a boy from drowning. Some dumb slut didn't like him for who he was so he pretended to be someone else and started murdering cunts that looked like her 
 
 
 
Quite hour at work so photoshop request thread.  Ill do my best 
i have a boring request, but i found your thread on page 9 so if i don't make a request shit's just gonna 404 anyway.  bump, while i get all my shit collected 
unblur pic related's face as much as possible using the following thumbnail... 
 
 I request you work on your literacy skills. 
  samefagging so hard.. 
 topderp 
 Fuck you and send me a picture 
  
make me look majestic as fuck 
 better res 
 what a pro i like the way the grains match and he is hovering above the car 
 coming up 
 my mates birthday, make him something   
 
 nigger 
 fuck yeah needs some motivational text 
 Holy shit... That is magestic as fuck! 
  
 coming up 
 Kek 
 Aint even mad This will find its way to my social media 
 Surprise me 
What can you do with America's favorite man? 
 
Photoshop my old selfie 
Can you make my body look ripped? 
 took me ages 
Dankify this handsome young man 
could you please put a penis on hes forehead 
 
  C'mon OP, help me do it 
 on now 
 yeah nah, thanks for nothing 
Shop naked getting fucked 
 (checked) 
 
morning fap sesh 
rerolling 
Dubs rename my /b/ Trips change the description of my /b/ Will deliver and keep it like that forever Start rolling /b/ros 
Bump 
Hi mom 
Who is moot 
 Reroll 
 
Ctrl + v , no excuse 
islandofpain.com 
 
Waipod Phetsuphan - Ding DIgn Dong  Best song ever. 
dota_player_auto_repeat_right_mouse  1 
 
the roofing industry 
 
Make the bitch Famous debiepoison 
nypa slut 
quit shilling your shit channel you filthy beaner 
*bark* *snarl* 
 Dr. filthy Beaner, please, I have a title 
For a while I've thought of fixing my town's weed.   At the moment it's quite awful. Trimmed poorly, Not cured, sometime even poorly flushed. No knowledge of strains. Pricing from growers vary from 8 to 15 euros a gram. Cheaper in bulk of course.  I would like to start grow myself. Fix all that. Grow it with good nutriments. Flush thuroughly, Trim it nicely, cure it carefully.  And sell for around 10 euros a gram, cheaper in bulk.  Should I? 
Selfish bump. 
Knock yourself out. Dont come crying to us when you get done by the cops 
Do it, feed me queen b 
  i dont think you know what you're talking about anon 
Do it tell me where you live fam so I can rob you of your well flushed well trimmed goods. 
Awh it's nice to live in commifornia 
 Plant for yourself and sell to some of your friends. 
 Germany? 
  101-123 E Prospect St, Rhinelander, WI 54501  Come at me brah. 
     u aint the brightest are ye 
 When a quality product comes through it can take over the market. Just find dealers load them with 2 Oz at a time and let the cash roll in 
Rhinelander?u german bro? 
 That's clearly an American address m8 
 Unless you have the space to manufacture commercial scale you won't be changing anything bud 
 
 
Who wants to learn Russian here? I had a thread going here earlier but accidently closed it.  Any anons would like to learn some Russian from a native speaker? I moved to the US when I was a kid so I'm fluent in both languages shieeeeeet.  )  Got a lot of time on my hands so just trying to do something productive and useful. 
 Fucking Muggles. 
 Haha, I know. When will they learn? 
 lolleroni! 
 Нахуй иди, пидораха ебаная! :3 
 They may as well called him a nigger in his mind lmao! 
 When will these manlets ever leeeeeaarn!? 
 Suka blyat 
 Why so rude? Dirty Russian madbro? I'm just preparing my American friends for the upcoming invasion ) So everyone can understand what you Russkies are bullshitting about.   We takin' ova! 
  
 I bet the meaning you know is not the right meaning. Most people fuck it up. They think it means bitch fuck or some shit. Which is only halfway right. 
Yeah, I'm kinda interested. I want to be able to speak enough Russian to convince drunk people at a bar, that I'm from russia. 
 How do you ask "Is she younger than 10 years old?" and "How much for her for 1 night?" 
 LOL 
 Lol well it might take you a few months to be really convincing. But only a few days for people that don't know shit about Russian or Russia. 
 Russian seems cool also because of the cyrillic alphabet 
 Language of subhumans. 
 just youtube "the meaning of cyka blyat" and you'll see the first video with like 6,000 views is mine. Rant Therapist is the channel name.   I got like 128 videos up so far...and this week I'm doing numers 1 - 100 10 numbers at a time and more slang words and phrases...so check it out if you'd like. 
 How the fuck was I supposed to learned when my russian grandmother is so fucking assimilated that she thinks in english. If she had actually tried teaching me i could be weaving beautiful tapestries of slavic profanity by now 
она моложе 10 лет? 
 I don't play DOTA 2, don't need it 
 Сколько за неё на ночь? 
 сколько за ее за однy ночь?  now one hint, never use google translate as it fucks shit up 90% of the time especially when the sentence is 3 words or more. 
 a link for you /b/ros that wanna check it out 
 Why do you say that? Look at how great Russia's history is. 
 I've found this out once I've moved to Japan. I keep it very short to get my point across to people. I also use it a lot because it has to be so short. Thanks for the translations  Oh, also. How do you say "diaper?" Thanks again. 
 Удачи, братишка! Our missiles are waiting for the moment! 
 Moy chornye   
пеленка which sounds like "pelyonka" but many russians just say "pampers" these days too...you know? it's a modern thing but it gets the point across, even if the brand isn't pampers. 
 moy chornye? What are you trying to say nigga, lol? 
 Unless mah nigga translates literally, best i can do is my black 
 And so are ours. What's your point? It's mutual destruction bro.   I'm proud of my heritage but let's not pretend that USA won't fuck shit up... 
 Haha! :D 
 cyka blyat 
 It's more like "moy neger." Nigger is the same in Russian lol. "neeger" except for nigger LOL. 
 Very cool. Pampers are my favorite brand of baby diapers so that translation is awesome. 
 
 It means fucking bitch, you fucking bitch 
 Nope. It means damnit bitch, or bitch god damn.   Told ya. 
 Well, from now on they will think it twice before making fun of someone's appearance. 
  Its semantics at this point you fucking autists. Both of those are exclamations with the same goddamn sentiment. 
 Damn right. He actually doesn't look bad in those glasses. Looks like some sort of professor or something.   And he doesn't really look like a loser or an outcast anyway...if that's what they were trying to portray. 
 R u retarded xDD i lived 30 years in russia and have ohd in slavic squatting LOL FUCvK YO FKING AMERICAN KURWA BLYAT SUCKYA 
 *phd  hahahaha this keyboard is a blyat 
 damn and fuck are pretty different to me...  if he wanted to say fucking bitch it would be "yobnytaya suka" or "yob suka" and not "blyat suka."   Get it right nigga, you're arguing with someone who knows the language. Don't be crazee now. 
 So your keyboard is a damn? Interesting.   You have a degree in slavic squatting? Also interesting. 
   
 lolleroni! 
 LOL my mom is from poland im trilingual i wont even waste anymore time with you fucking caputalist swine XDXD  Ebalo cyka blyat 
 thank you. nice trips 
 you're so pathetic. Everyone who lives in the USA is a capitalist swine? Then you're a commie low life piece of shit with that logic.   We're all people dude. We have more similarities than differences. 
 thanks broberoni 
 I'm sure if I had big tits or a flamboyant personality I'd have a million subs. Why can't normal dudes like us have a nice following for the special skills we have?   The world's a cruel fucking place eh? 
  Son, thats some commie talk right there. Have you been talking to subversive ruskie preverts again? 
 LOL. I mean like we all have families or those we love, we wanna make a living, and live a good life.   What's wrong with that? The Russian government just runs like a Mafia State. And that's a damn shame. Because it'll probably never change. 
Privet   Die minya pivo pjalista? 
 Sure xD explain to me this then: why are americans so dumb and russians not?.... Cant?.... Hmmm xDXD we r all equal LOL fuck you animal Is common knowledge in rusia that americans are dumb and nigger lovers ) 
 dlya menya pivo pojalusta....very nice :)) almost got it correctly. Very good /b/ro  I'm gonna do little things like "how to order beer in Russian" and bla bla bla...i just haven't been getting many requests cuz I only have 60 subscribers you know? 
 I see the flouridation has contaminated you purity of essence and made you succeptible to communist indoctrination. Goddamn postwar commie conspiracy 
 I'm sure the average Russian is just as stupid. They've done studies of this.  If you take out minorities...especially blacks and hispanics...USA ranks as high as Japan and Switzerland in education.   If we are so dumb then why do we have the best technology and medicine? Explain that you dweeb. 
 suka blyat'. wtf is cyka? pronounce that to yourself. цайка? сука = suka 
 lol okay mate. Don't worry I'm not voting for Sanders.  or maybe I am :OOOOO 
  
 Im fukin with you m8. Go watch dr.strangelove. general ripper is full of this delusional comedic goldmine 
 oh ok. Yeah I've been trying to watch that movie..I started it once and stopped 10 minutes in cuz I had to jack off or something. 
 "Cheeky Breeki, pacani" Thats the only russian I ever need... 
 
eta buelna 
I love when the girl get pounded in the ass and cry  Do you know a website with this fantasy? 
 Efukt dude 
Literally just search   
 avasians.com 
I need to here CRYING and yelling 
I like to dress up in woman's clothes and fap and fuck grills. 100% straight.. any other anons do this fucked up shit? Pic unrelated 
 
. 
 morty mcroll 
4 
Rizzoll 
 7 
 4 or 7 
roll 
4 pls 
 Show me 5 
roll 
 Kek 
I will rekt #1 asspipe!! 
rawl 
pls not 1 
  Rollan 
5 or 6  5 if I have to choose 
Roll 
roll 
  7!!!! 
2 4's plz 
 And 8-10 gets you their fathers with loaded shotguns catching you in the act. 
 2, 3 or 4 at a glance.. 
Roll. 
 Nooooooooo 
 Roland 
  All these sluts are 10 years older 
4 
 if i get dubs i get rid of them bitches then i lie on the bed all by myself 
 2 
 so are you! 
Roll 
7 
 wheeee 5 
k 
rawl 
 5 or 2 pls 
 5 get 
 Reroll 
 Kek. 5 
One please 
 4 pris 
 lolrol 
 2 
Roll for 4 
 
 
anybody have sauce on haleyissoarx? 
 
Serious question. From which side do you open a banana? 
 A master race 
 I open from A to not look like a monkey 
bumbing for science 
 My black friend open from B and i open form A, that´s why he looks like a monkey 
I break it in half between a and be and just un peel it, trust me, its simpler and no it doesn't mush 
the funny side 
bump 
From the YLYL thread 
I open from A 
A 
 kek 
Boom, bitches! 
Vote you niggers! We must settle this once and for all 
c. You're supposed to. 
 a re apateona 
bumping for science 
C'mon man.. even the monkeys know how to open it. dont you? 
  
I recently got scammed by a website for over 600USD. Now they have my money they no longer respond. Please help me get revenge. 
lets explore the weird youtube  
who's that sexy girl. 
  
 
 
 
  
 
i love this thread! 
/thread 
 
anyone want to use teamviewer to control my pc and dump pics on here and anywhere.? 
858 535 313 ree224 
/b/ should write a rap...  I'll start.  Much like a duck, quack, quack, quack, bitch, I don't give a fuck. 
Go back to 9gag, faggot 
 Get down and suck suck suck suck bitch i like to fuck 
 I dont give a fuck I I dont give a fuck but i like when they suck  i roll over them like a motherfucking Truck 
 Fuck off. 
Nigger bitch titties ass white women Child support watermelon fried chicken Nigger nigger nigger nigger I fuck monkeys, this rap will trigger 
  You be trolling bitches like a nigger, lookin' for that trigger. Try-na bust a bigger rap than the number one wig-ga, but you ain't no pimp, slick, you're just a gimp bitch.  Try dat shit on a newfag, cause I ain't gonna deliver. 
 Niggers suck and should go back to their precious mother Africa,,,die, nigger motherfucker die... 
 
Cheating thread? Personally I'm against cheating and wouldn't ever wish it to anyone, but I couldn't help myself.    '    ' '' ' boyfriend", oddly in 3rd person. '  You're flexible, do it yourself." Shut up and do it for me"  ''' cont 
Continue… 
      completely drenched  ' take my cock out and push her panties to the side '  ''     Okay, that's better, you can continue"  ' Are you on the pill?" "Yeah."  ' ' I hate you, just so you know." "I hate you too."   'Good boy" whenever I cum '' ' 
 
 ''  ' ' '  ' ' '' ' '   
is that it? 
 Was there supposed to be more? 
 been there, done that. Don't let it get to you, what's done it's done. 
 no i was just asking 
 Time for a reunion in Brussels. 
Nice green text 
Make this bitch Famous 
What happens to countries that Muslims occupy? It depends on their numbers in the population. As long as the Muslim population remains around or under 2% in any given country, they will be for the most part be regarded as a peace-loving minority, and not as a threat to other citizens. This is the case in: United States -- Muslim 0.9%  Australia -- Muslim 1.5%  Canada -- Muslim 1.9%  China -- Muslim 1.8%  Italy -- Muslim 1.5%...experiencing problems  Norway -- Muslim 1.8%...experiencing problems  At 2% to 5%, they begin to proselytize from other ethnic minorities and disaffected groups, often with major recruiting from the jails and among street gangs. This is happening in: Denmark -- Muslim 2%...experiencing problems  Germany -- Muslim 3.7%...experiencing BIG problems  United Kingdom -- Muslim 2.7%...experiencing problems  Spain -- Muslim 4%...experiencing problems  Thailand -- Muslim 4.6%  From 5% on, they exercise an inordinate influence in proportion to their percentage of the population. For example, they will push for the introduction of halal (clean by Islamic standards) food, thereby securing food preparation jobs for Muslims. They will increase pressure on supermarket chains to feature halal on their shelves -- along with threats for failure to comply. This is occurring in: France -- Muslim 8%...a recent slaughter  Philippines -- 5%  Sweden -- Muslim 5%...experiencing problems  Switzerland -- Muslim 4.3%...experiencing problems  The Netherlands -- Muslim 5.5%...experiencing problems  Trinidad  Tobago -- Muslim 5.8% 
 At this point, they will work to get the ruling government to allow them to rule themselves (within their ghettos) under Sharia, the Islamic Law. The ultimate goal of Islamists is to establish Sharia law over the entire world. There are already 85 Sharia law courts operating in Britain! Google: “Brigitte Gabriel on radical islam”…  When Muslims approach 10% of the population, they tend to increase lawlessness as a means of complaint about their conditions. In Paris , we are already seeing car-burnings. Any non-Muslim action offends Islam, and results in uprisings and threats, such as in Amsterdam , with opposition to Mohammed cartoons and films about Islam. Such tensions are seen daily, particularly in Muslim sections, in: Guyana – Muslim 10%  India -- Muslim 13.4%  Israel -- Muslim 16%  Kenya -- Muslim 10%  Russia -- Muslim 15%...40% of their army is muslim  After reaching 20%, nations can expect hair-trigger rioting, jihad militia formations, sporadic killings, and the burnings of Christian churches and Jewish synagogues, such as in: Ethiopia -- Muslim 32.8%  At 40%, nations experience widespread massacres, chronic terror attacks, and ongoing militia warfare, such as in: Bosnia -- Muslim 40%  Nigeria – Muslim 50.4%  Chad – Muslim 50.3%  Lebanon -- Muslim 59.7%  From 60%, nations experience unfettered persecution of non-believers of all other religions (including non-conforming Muslims), sporadic ethnic cleansing (genocide), use of Sharia Law as a weapon, and ***ya, the tax placed on infidels, such as in: Albania -- Muslim 70%  Malaysia -- Muslim 60.4%  Qatar -- Muslim 77.5%  Sudan -- Muslim 70%  After 80%, expect daily intimidation and violent jihad, some State-run ethnic cleansing, and even some genocide, as these nations drive out the infidels, and move toward 100% Muslim, such as has been experienced and in some ways is on-going in: 
 Bangladesh -- Muslim 83%  Egypt -- Muslim 90%  Gaza -- Muslim 98.7%  Indonesia -- Muslim 86.1%  Iran -- Muslim 98%  Iraq -- Muslim 97%  Jordan -- Muslim 92%  Morocco -- Muslim 98.7%  Pakistan -- Muslim 97%  Palestine -- Muslim 99%  Syria -- Muslim 90%...one of obama’s favorite countries  for resettlement in the USA  Tajikistan -- Muslim 90%  Turkey -- Muslim 99.8%  United Arab Emirates -- Muslim 96%  Notice that Japan is not listed. I once read that they have laws baring muslim immigration. They recognize the problem!  This data is several years old, so the infection is worse now! 
NUKE PAKI LAND FAGGOT NIGGER /thread 
    
Hey /b/tards i am looking for one .webm There is a hostage taken by isis he is i an cell  he is burning but it is edited so there are arrows from some dancing game...Can someone send it to me?  (pic not related) i was just on Wikipedia and it messed up pretty badly 
I need advice.  I am a 27yo Dutch guy, never had a girlfriend, however did have some flings and one night stands (or a few times sex) with women. I am physically quite attractive (not as attractive as this picture), however introverted and timid.  Last week I got rejected by a girl who said she liked our date, but saw me more as a friend, she didn't feel any love connection.  I get this a lot from women.  So now I'm considering to ASK her after this rejection to name one thing she doesn't like about me, so that I can improve myself. Do you think this is a good idea? She's a genuinly nice and intelligent girl so I think she will reply. What can I expect? Did any of you ever ask a girl that rejected you WHY she did that? 
Bump 
Anyone?? 
It depends, what's your name? 
 Irrelevant also I would never give my real name on /b/ 
 Just dont be weird about it. Dont ask for a second chance, be sure to mention this isn't the first time its happened to you, and ask what about the date or you that she didn't like so maybe the next girl you meet will have a better chanc with 
 OK thanks 
Dutch guy here as well. Read: no more mr nice guy. 
 Yeah I figured girls probably don't like me because I'm too timid and "nice"... I'm not sure if I can really change this though. 
Go ahead and ask her bro. Just be civil and not weird about it. 
 It means (not jokong here) that you are too feminine. To feelsy. You need to put off a masculine vibe bro, however cliche that sounds women like it. 
Go for it- friends can ask each other anything :) 
 Ja vraag haar maar. Leer ervan want deze ben je toch al kwijt.    Je wordt pas als onzeker gezien als je het bent. En doe niet emotioneel aanhankelijk. Dat moet later pas 
   OK easier said than done... be more masculine/confident.. howww 
 i had this problem some years to go.. my advice is:  - act as if it is clear that she either fucks you or can go fuck herself - make it clear that you are interested in a sexual way, without being too pushy about it 
 That is actually not a bad idea if you're actually ok with the girl seeing you as a friend from then on.  On my personal experience, I used to have no luck, met with girls and it just didn't go anywhere. One time I asked the girl whom also told me just wanted to be friends, ''why?''. Criticisms and pointers are good from a female perspective. I took it like a man and improved on those things she mentioned. If she tells you don't be whiny and don't go for the same girl. She wont look at you in a different light. 
thats a very good idea. i usually don't keep open lines of comms with women that reject me, i prefer not to have it on my conscience.  i already know why i get rejected, but it's gonna cost me money and take time to get my teeth fixed. may be something free for you. 
I am 35 years old now. Got some good pussy in my day, and basically left the game. So glad I no longer live by whatever whimsical bullshit females are compelled by on the daily. Good luck you young fellas. It's rough out there. 
Stop being a fucking beta you limp dick sack of shit faggot. 
I don't think this is a good idea. She will feel uncomfortable. Couldn't it be that she just doesn't like you and that's all? Maybe there is nothing wrong with you, it's just that you are not her type. Also, the best thing you can do is being yourself. Maybe "yourself" is not attractive to many girls and you have trouble finding someone, but you won't be happy in a relationship if you have to fake. You need someone that loves who you are, and for some people it might be very hard to find, but it's worth it. Nothing is better than feeling that you can just be yourself around someone and she'll love it. 
 asking her is a terrible idea. getting laid is a balance of acting aggressive and nice towards the object of your affection. the way to go is not to talk to her again. if she comes to you, she will be open again. 
Gewoon vragen mijn vriend. Dat is het em juist dat eeuwige getwijfel van zal ik wel zal ik niet is niet aantrekkelijk. Tenminste dat is uit persoonlijke ervaring. Ik kom zelf uit het noorden en daar kan het anders zijn. Het is hier wat boerser en vrouwen waarderen mannen die direct kunnen zijn.  Succes vriend. 
 I disagree. If ''being yourself'' doesn't work for 27 years, there's obviously a problem that you have work on and if you have ABSOLUTELY no clue what's wrong, there's nothing wrong in asking for advice specially from the people you're trying to court.  A person needs to work him/herself to improve oneself. 
  The hell she is. She just wants some free attention/affection from the "new nice friendzone" guy 
 thats why he has to ignore her and cut contact first, jesus.. 
 ik neem aan dat het hier over een hollandse gaat? 
 ' How did you fix that?   Hmm I don't think I can do anything with this advice   Why did you leave the game? Yeah it's extremely rough...   I just wanna improve myself. Also I am not that beta. I have fucked 4 women in my life and kissed many more. None of them stuck around though.    Not my problem. She rejected me. Also she seemed like a compassionate girl so she may be happy to help me.    Why would I have to break contact? I'd rather learn from this.   Yes she's Dutch. 
   few reasons. one is your sex drive gets lower after you hit thirty, and its nice  second is, i got a lot of pussy in my teens and 20's, and simply got tired of the game and the hassle involved in getting laid. females are a lot of work. 
 No, simply because every woman is different. Ask 100 woman what they didn't like with you, you'll get 100 different answers. 
 she wont fuck you, because you are too shy and timid. women expect the man to make clear what path the relationship is taking. if you dont choose, she will.. and she will choose somebody else who does not fear rejection as much. and yes, you absolutely should learn something.. but going all in on those things that make you unfuckable for women is not a way of learning.. you just want to talk with her about it because you a self conscious and want to feel better about yourself. go party and fuck someone else instead and just dont give a fuck. 
tldr? 
 ok, I have more experience with flemmish ladies. And i used to be shy alot. I mean, i could talk to girls, no problem at all. But I was scared of rejection. Then i just said, fuck it! Lets try anyways, and got some success but also got some good failures.   Bottom line, Dutch girls (and flemmish girls, they are much the same) like men who are not afraid to take charge. Just be yourself and show em what your heart holds. You will get success.  (i also have a deep suspicion that they somehow like to be treated badly. Most of my lady friends all end up with some douche and they like it. But i am not telling you to be one) 
Here's what I'm gonna send her (translated):  Hi anon, I've got a bit of a weird question for you. I never had a relationship and I'm often rejected by women. Most of the time they say, just like you did, that they see me more like a friend. I'm trying to find out what I can improve about myself so that women like me more. What I want to ask you is, can you tell me one thing that you don't find attractive about me? A reason that causes you to see me as nothing more than just a friend? For example am I too boring, not good looking enough, too insecure, etc. This may come across as weird and it's fine if you don't want to answer but you would help me. Even if you don't have a concrete answer but if it's just a general feeling, of if I'm just not your type, that would help me too. Thanks in advance. 
 i just hope this is bait lol 
 No... it's very real and I am about to whatsapp this to her 
 And it's the first time I ever asked something like this that's why I made a thread about it. 
 then youre lost and wont learn it.. im out, evening gents 
 ik zou er geen tijd aan verspillen, waarschijnlijk voed ze je een leugen om de harde waarheid te ontkomen.  ik heb niet door het thread gelezen maar ik raad je aan om aan je lichaamstaal te werken. 
 beetje langdradig en onzeker, kan wat meer to-the-point, maar verder wel oke 
 this is too beta dude. Make it more firm and less if you dont want to then blabla 
  okok I'll make it shorter 
 you shouldnt ask, you should tell her that you like her, that she is hot.. but that you definitely didnt get to know her to be friends 
  Nope, niet doen. Als je specifiek aan vrouwen gaat vragen wat ze niet leuk aan je vinden, ga je je persoonlijkheid aanpassen om vrouwen tot dienst te zijn.  Dat is het meest onaantrekkelijke wat je kan doen.  Ga zelf op zoek naar je flaws, ga op zoveel mogelijk dates als je kan en als het fout gaat, probeer bij jezelf patronen te zien van gedrag dat je misschien onaantrekkelijk maakt (lichaamstaal, beta-gedrag, whatever) en werk daaraan. Maar doe het vanuit JEZELF voor JEZELF.   Je hebt one-night stands gehad, dus je hebt duidelijk geen moeite om vrouwen aan te trekken. Ga met zoveel mogelijk op date, observeer, verander hier en daar wat dingen en kijk wat wel en niet werkt.  De enige manier om het te leren is door het te doen. En vaak. 
 He doesn't hope to fuck her anymore why just don't be natural ? The bitch herself is uninteresting 
 On how i fixed it. My problem was that I tried to please women too much. I wanted to make everything perfect, breathtaking and all that. It came off as too intense. I didn't have many subjects of conversation so I started reading a lot, found myself hobbies (that I actually enjoy). Nobody wants to hear about work or life in the first few dates. It didn't work over night, but slowly I was able to hold up better conversations and became bit by bit more bold and spontaneous. Also, I stopped texting them, I call them, for some reason I noticed if i called they would most likely say yes to a date.   I would suggest to make a list of things you'd like to improve on and work on them. 
 I consider this girl already done with since she clearly rejected me. So I can't lose anything by asking.    Could be, tnx.    Remember that I'm already 27 and had quite a few dates.... I've been trying to work this out for a long time. I just never directly asked why a girl rejected me. 
 to learn and stop being a beta male 
 You could... but listen, just because this girl finds x characteristic unattractive doesn't mean the next girl will. Be yourself, get out and meet people, preferably in a group setting. Don't try to hit on anyone, just be comfortable and friendly. Once your confidence is up (and you have a relatively decent circle of friends out of it too) start dating on Tinder or whatever you have there. Added bonus, you have new stuff to talk about that you have done. 
 27 isn't shit. Has he been dating his whole life? No. Probably the last 6 years or so actually count, and really more like the last 2 because nobody gives a shit before age 25. 
girls don't even know what they want or they don't wanna admit it, why listen to them 
 kek, this. Ask your bros, man. Those who are in relationships. Let them tell you how they've done it.  A woman, especially one's you are not befriended with but tried to date and failed, will come up with standard bullshit. "yeah, I like them to be funny, I like them to be handsome, I like them to treat me nice. And all of those things apply to you, but it just didn't make click, sorry Anon."  BULL FKIN SHIT 
 post 30 that shit slowly fades away, but yes, you're for the most part right 
 As they get older the "bad guy" is no longer interesting, it's the nice guy they want to settle down with. The drama that comes with being a bad guy isn't worth it, so play some vidya and wait it out maybe. And if she's in her late 20s/30s and still wants a ad guy, you want to stay away anyway... damaged goods you know. 
 I've heard this often. At what point does this happen? As a 'nice' (timid is a better word, fuck nice) 27yo guy I can't wait until women want a guy like me instead of the noisy aggressive douches.. 
 You're pretty close if not there depending on the woman. Be wary though, they may also want to jump right into marriage/kids. Be clear with them what you want from the relationship. 
 There is nothing to improve. You are probably good looking but kinda stupid, there is nothing interesting about as a person. You are who you are, just accept it and move on, and bear in mind that you will probably die alone. 
 ok yeah I don't mind having kids in 4/5 years. I got a good job anyway   yeah right 
 Hey OP, just a note from someone who lived for a little while in your country but comes from Australia. I couldn't believe how passive Dutch men were in chasing women. The general vibe seems to be lay back and let the women come to me, dress well enough stay in shape. You might look like the guy or a lot of the characteristics a girl wants but if you can't go out there and engage and have fun with them it doesn't matter.   Cliff notes, interact with girls and have fun. 
 true, they most likely want to settle down. Others already have kids... 
 Hmm I wouldn't to be honest. This is coming from a guy that has never had a "date" as such. I have a lot of one night stands. My advice, move on. Dating is kind of trial and error. I see rejection as a learning experience. My opinion. Take it or leave it. 
 I understand but this whole dating thing starts to look like a neverending series of rejections... I want to improve my chances to finally get to a date that doesn't reject me. 
   Well it seems that way because that's what dating is. You keep trying until you find someone that sticks.   There's no secret trick that will improve your chances at not getting rejected. 
 As I said I'm no dating expert but I do know women. There are a few points to attracting women, number one is confidence. Finally personality and looks. Anyone who says looks are meaningless are kidding themselves. Confidence is huge though. I have a slight feeling that's why this girl rejected you, you weren't confident enough. Work on confidence, try talking to women first, don't think about dating them just try and hold a conversation that is interesting. As I said, this shit is trial and error. You can learn from mistakes. 
 ' I think this is because of our culture of equality between men and women. We don't believe in this macho culture where men always flirt with women like they do in Italy or muslim cultures. I have been in Australia and a lot of other countries and I noticed how men-women relations were more unequal there. At parties, men and women almost always find themselves in seperate groups, only approaching to flirt, not so much for socializing. Women and men go out seperately in foreign countries, I've noticed too. Here it's more 'flat', more equal, gender matters less. Women pay for their own drinks here. We see it as degrading and backwards if a man pays for a girls drink. But yeah Dutch men could do a little more effort in flirting with women.   ' Of course there are tricks. Gaining confidence seems like the big trick, also dressing, grooming, etc. There's thousands of secret tricks. Right? 
Zoek op thepiratebay naar "the blueprint RSD", kijk alles door, veel succes! 
 Okay I'm Australian and I want to say this is very wrong. At a grade 9 social, yeah this is correct. Mature humans? No, I have heaps of females friends and socialize with them on a daily basis. I don't stand in a corner with my friends and only talk to women when I feel horny and start flirting.... Don't know what part/ age group you witnessed but this is very wrong. 
 Aren't these Pickup Artist things only applicable to having a one night stands with not-so-intelligent women?  I'm looking for an actual relationship with a smart woman (I have a university degree) 
 Op as wierd as this is gonna sound stop trying. Only once you stop trying you will get the ladies. Probably there is something with you that tiks girls off and that is things you need to work on yourself. Pic not totally unrelated. 
 ...yes but I'm not gonna stop dating girls. Otherwise I'm 100% sure I'll never find anyone. At work everyone is over 40, at the gym I don't like talking to anyone and I only go to cafes to drink with friends and don't talk to anyone except my friends... 
Look at this cancer! 
 Literally everything I hate in one picture. 
 
 
Hey medfags can you tell me what is this painfull (a bit) little thing on me, it only sting when i apply pressure. Also take pictures and other anons have to guess body part 
  move on fellas nothing interesting here 
 ingrown hair, i get alot of them, nothing to worry about 
 Are you finally starting to grow a penis? 
 
 
more like this? 
Amerifags/britishfags needed ITT. I'm uploading some motorbike videos shot by me some months ago, and I need to put a disclaimer at the start of these videos in order to avoid the jail. I'm not englishfag and I want to write the disclaimer correctly, can anyone of your faggots help me in this?  Here is the disclaimer:  DISCLAIMER  VIDEOS MAY RESULTS ACCELERATED THAN THE ORIGINALS  THE INDICATED SPEEDS MAY NOT BE CORRECT, BECAUSE OF THE CHANGE OF THE FINAL DRIVE  it's ok or there is something wrong? Thanks 3 
So /b/ I'm workin in 7 hours, Mad max, Wasteland 2 directors cut, Or Halo 5? Dubs decides. Pic is mad max. 
 end it fam 
Guys plz 
  Halo 5 is garbage.  Mad Max is satisfying, but ultimately unfulfilling.  Wasteland 2 is the only right answer here. But you won't really make a dent in it in 7 hours.... 
 If anon wanted fulfillment he would have listed KSP, so the answer is Mad Max. 
Having a good time with witcher 3 atm. 
Mad Max is fun, don't expect it to end good though, anon. 
You sound like a casual. Go tough up with some Dark Souls. 
 Mad Max. 
 Dubs have spoken. 
Kahoot  Pin:115590 
  seems over 
 
 
On my way to page 10 
 no 
 bump 
 bimp 
kahoot 333678 
 im in, what now 
 Guess to win. 
 what the fuck is the point of the geometrical shapes? 
 Answers to questions you can't see. 
she got so pissed lol gj /b/ros 
  I'm back working in Burlington (hopefully just for today) and while I don't feel comfortable OPing here I'd like to take a look at and possibly add to/edit Ben's new wikia for Go/b/. I searched for 'game of bros' on the wikia page and got to page 64 before I gave up so if someone could post a link it would be appreciated. 
  
 Thanks bro. 
 anytime man 
really hoping for a game lads 
What do you think /b/? What would you do? 
 I would post more. 
 
 
 I'm pretty sure you can do better... I want to masturbate to her, go on, post more!  If you're really dying to know, she looks short enough, I usually like to grab and throw em around before I stick my tongue in every hole they have when they're short. 
 She's short and a gymnast so super bendy 
 
 Is that so now...? Love that combi. Would put her feet up and back beside her head with one hand, fucking or eating what I can find.   Have you fucked her? 
 I do have to say though, I hate her ears. 
  Nah she's a relative so that won't happen 
 dammit... I wanted to say "sucks to be you" but you've been giving some cool photos so far, so yeah... anything close to nude or at least suggestive? 
 Nah no nudes m8 
 Love this pic 
 Didn't think so... looks too goody two shoes 
 damn those quads... I can't tell if she'd be a fun fuck yet, but I would definitely want to eat her up 
  Hnnng 
 yeaaaaaaaah, really want to stick my tongue in her ass... 
 
 damn that leg... 
 so any more? 
Wow loving this girl. Shes realy cute. Love the petite girls. Which relative is she? Daughter? 
 
THIS IS NOW AN ALFONS FUCKING ÅBERG THREAD 
men 
My face is ugly and look tired all the time, what should i do? 
Dear /b/ This is the last place I'd ever go searching for advice but since I don't have any friends I guess that I climbed the ol' 4Chanerino for advice. I'm feeling very depressed lately, mostly because of the fact that I'm failing most of my classes in school. To add up to more shit, I spent about 12 hours a day on my computer playing video games and my long term relationship is a dead end and it's only stretching because we've been together for such a long time. Do I go for it and be a hero /b/? What's the most painless way to do it? 
    Gee I wonder why 
 Go for the highscore at your school and see how long it takes before you get killed 
OP here, idk what I'm doing with my life honestly, so I have no other option than just sit and play video games idk 
 note taken 
 Keep on living. That's the most painless way to die. You might actually stop being a faggot. 
 you sound exactly like my roommate freshman year. He was a cool guy, but was suffering the exact same shit as you. I would recommend you examine if you really want to be in school or not. he felt forced by his parents, so he wasn't doing well because he didn't really want to be there. he left after a year and did what he really wanted to do: smoked a ton of weed and went to culinary arts school. 
Sam is that you 
 tbfh I don't even like the school I'm in. I'm failing math and physics and maritime safety (it's a maritime school) and a bunch of other stuff. Idk man 
 I'd rather end it quickly ty 
 Stop whining. Do stuff, Progress in life. Use the time it takes to get good at school, Get good grates, Get a good job, Bank chicks, do drugs. ennjoy every moment. But first of all get off your lazy ass and start leveling up IRL.  You current life situation is shit. You suck at school, this will later turn out to you sucking at everything else. Start fucking caring about your relationship, or fucking dump the cunt, eighter way, you have to level up, if i where you i would pick the "10/10 cutie" skill tree.  At the time you are 30-40'ish, you would have gottent he achivements "Nice job", "High Salary", "Fun life", "Loads of sex".  At this point you may want to change your spec from "wifu getting old", to "new 18'year with daddy issues".  If you folow my instructions, you should at some point recieve the activement "OP is no longer a fag".  Eighter this or an hero.  Go. 
Op are you me? 
 I understand what you mean and you're probably right, I just don't have the will to do anything at all. I don't even have the will to play video games sometimes, Idk what I'm doing with my life honestly. 
 Probably, nice quads 
 OK, here's what you gotta do I recommend doing this in the exact order, but it's up to you anyway.         at the endgame, you can do three things: '    either all of the above or be a pussy and end it now. you might be a faggot, but be a cool faggot at least. 
 Check'd OP is a faggot 
 this 
 I have a $5k computer, would that help me in my quest? 
Shoot yourself in the head with a shotgun. You'll be dead before you feel it 
Just kill yourself It'll be way easier to get it over with now than to continue disappointing people for years to come 
 don't own a shotgun, can't get one illegally here 
  '  ' '' '    ' ''''   '''  '  '' '  '  ' ''  ''    our backs are now against the wall  '' '' '' ''   ' ' '''  '    '  '  '' 
       
  '  ' '' '    ' ''''   '''  '  '' '  '  ' ''  ''    our backs are now against the wall  '' '' '' ''   ' ' '''  '    '  '  '' 
 My class has one girl and she's ugly as fuck, meanwhile, 4 girls in a school with 500 guys, halp plox. I'm ugly. almost 5'8" with around 207lbs. idk man 
 Not into beastie boys m8 
  '  ' '' '    ' ''''   '''  '  '' '  '  ' ''  ''    our backs are now against the wall  '' '' '' ''   ' ' '''  '    '  '  '' 
 
Rate my girlfriend /b/  (She's 18 y/o) 
 8/10 m8 
6-7/10 can't rate the body unless you show more skin. 
 Any nudes m8? 
 I'm a 29yo, lonely, chubby, pathetic neckbeard, so she's an 11/10 in my book. 
 7/10 "I'd tap that" 
More op? 
wrong shade of lipstick 
 she looks like she fucks good  does she fuck good anon? 
Here's another one, no make up this time 
 No makeup, her nose is s little big. But I'm liking her eyes a lot. I said 6-7 last time. I'll say 7.5/10 I've definitely done worse anon.   Will you post bod? 
 Op here. Yeah his nose maybe technically a bit big, but I like it that way.  Imma see if I have any picture of her body. 
  Are you...are you quoting yourself? Or being ironic? The quotation marks just confuse the hell out of your message.  But yeah she's cute, in a way that a lot of other girls are cute. 
 Are you....are you a faggot? Can you....can you suck my dick...ummh... please? 
  her face is saying: I'm going to dump you, faggot 
Sorry, no body pictures. Still, she has really nice legs 
would enjoy a little film? It took a long time to make guys, please don't be mean :( 
 OP is a faggot, I don't need to watch it to know this 
 /thread 
Can you get arrested for truancy? 
 how about some context OP 
 depends on your country 
 sounds like underage 
I lived in Arizona.  I got two in one year.  Just a fine. 
 M O D S O D S 
 i live in Florida i am 17 and i have not gone to school in about a week 
You were able to make it all the way across the internet as far as 4chan and missed Google? Good lad 
 M O D S O D S 
My head hurts, /b/. Help 
 drink bleach and give it about 5 mins 100% guaranteed relief 
 
   You retarded motherfucker. Dip your dick into bleach for like 5-10 minutes. 
 enjoy ur aids 
 
Gross pics thread 
  fuckin a   his shirt is on inside-out 
bump 
maybe this - i dont want to make a webm  
buuuuuumpppppppppppp 
Sensible. Eat while your eggs are still warm. Fuck Carly Fiorina. 
