Will Poland be the next Reich? Will Poland invade Germany? 
 are you retarded? 
  read newspaper. poland - right wing conservative gov - censorship media - politicians talk about keeping the country clean of foreign influences.  be me - politics noob. So, go jerk off to some traps with deathgrip 
 Poland can not into space. How is poland supposed to into germany? 
 that's a yes 
  Dirty muslims can into germany :^) 
 Hahahaha 
 Is of true!!!! 
  maybe. But I dont feel ashamed browsing my firefox history cuz not jerking to loli, crazy pervs 
 Germany can't into space too, you fucktard. 
  I think the situation with the refugees cant make a country even worse than the shitholes called eastern europe..ever heard anything good bout romania? eZ 
Germans fucked by sand niggers, shame 'wilkomen wilkomen" fuking idiots 
 At least we aren't minorities in our own shitholes 
 But Germany is of already into much easier than poland into germany 
Poland what a fucking Joke keep cleaning toilets Europoors. Poland shit hole in the USSR Poland shit hole in the EU and shit hole in the future. 
 Poland will be the next Mexico pierdolnięty optymisto 
 Muslims can into germans ass. 
 Amen brother 
 Checked 
 Lol no        Germany had a well educated comparatively large population and existing industry. Poland has plumbers and skagheads 
 i really fucking hope so 
    top zozzle 
 Fuck no Polish people are the pussies of the world and degenerate imbeciles. They are the most unproductive country in the world. At least Worst Korea made Samsung. They made nothing 
 Hahahaha! ... Oh wait, you're serious.  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 
Poland already invaded Germany in the 40s thats why germany took them over. 
  Enough said 
 I hope so. 
bred is ded ride off into the sunset 
Kek Polen. Even if our country is 99% mudslime I doubt you'll be able to even match us. 
If my retarded goverment was to attack another country, it undoubtedly would be Russia kek 
  Polfag here. Please anons, don't buy into all that anti-polish propaganda you are now hearing, even though you are going to see a lot more of it.  90% of local media in Poland is controlled by the Germans. Around 50%-60% of nation-wide media in Poland is controlled by Germans. Those mass-media never criticized Merkel or any decision of German government.  They always supported any corrupt politician, and lynched any polish patriots who tried to make things right.  facebook com/Niepodleglosci.Marsz/photos/a.1 53849071317169.23058.15224917481049 2/964991543536247/?type=3theater  This article in GERMAN paper describes it very precisely: www.dw.com/pl/repolonizacja-medi%C3 %B3w-polskie-media-pod-obserwacj%C4 %85/a-18881567  vs.  Not a single portal, paper, tv station or radio station in germany is controlled by foreign company. Once a British company tried to enter German market, and ware kicked out: niewygodne.info.pl/artykul6/02737-N iemcy-kontroluja-75-proc-rynku-pras y-w-Polsce.htm  Previous polish government doubled Polish debt in just few years. By taking unnecessary credits in German, British and other western banks. For a while, polish finance minister was a British Jew who didn't even had a Polish citizenship. That's why it was loved by western mass-media and by German state.  Current polish government wants to force foreign bankers and supermarkets to start paying taxes in Poland.   Banksters and other interest groups want Poland to remain a corrupt,  semi-sovereign state, so they can drain billions from it, like did for the past 25 years.   That's why the hate campaign against it in the western media now.  I could go on and on, but I'm sure you don't have the time to read it. 
 
 Learn english, when posting photos of people in swedish military uniform, ruska suka. 
Guyz lurk into History of Poland then say about them. They ruled almost whole Europe in their time ! for more than 100 year's Poland was not on maps - and they survived ! Their engineer's invided a lot of modern stuff like yellow laser etc. learn more before douchebags ! 
 Poland was communist so I think they know what's up with Germany and the EU. 
  Even the german employers say that poles working in germany have a strong work ethic and work very hard.    Polish economy keeps growing, we make one of finest games, busses, trans, and other stuff. Die.    We have a lot of natural resources, you uneducated twat.   38mil compared to your what, you fag? 
Poland is pretty op in Civilations V. Incoming super power. Prepare for the worst. 
 They're Finnish, faggot 
 We Germans almost ruled the whole world. We invented most relevant shit that you use today. Stay pleb Poles 
 Poland is just a bunch of pussies I doubt it They'd rather suck Germany's dick then become like Germany 
 Shitposting, read what will happen to Poland if it's gonna copy Hungary politics in last 6 years. By "repairing" things you've listed they also force new unnecessary laws that will lead to authoritarianism. Stupid conspiracy believers are reigning Poland, and Kaczynski is main motor of that reign. 
 Just saying tho Poland is pretty cool as a whole country. I was actually in Warsawa a few times pretty dope place tbh 
 Poland is gay. 
  cooper, not exploited salt, coal not worth to exploit, and "mythical" shale gas. Big reasources as muh dick 
Poland can out of EUs Poland can barriering Germany Then Poland can into Russia and babushka weeping dead grandson Being glorious victorys 
   Not even accidentally? 
 Russia then sends Gigantic Nuclear dildos into poland Autistic ass and game is over poland is a joke with out the EU polish people would starve to death. 
 They'd have to recall all their working-age males from England first. 
 Ohh are we? 
 if they get Nuked their particles might cant into space. 
 Hey, why not. They're easily as nationalistic as the Nazis were. They even helped them dismember Czechoslovakia. 
How wants to go to poland ? I mean please it's poland ! 
 posts a bunch of fucking faggots to prove that poland is not a faggot  gud idea m8 
 Are you retarded? 
 Yes, yes we are 
 no, poland just do what international community say they to do 
  Shut your filthy whore mouth. 
  The only thing you ruled was part of Europe for a few years.  Twice. What you DID manage to accomplish, however, was the complete ruin of Western Europe.  Twice.  Filthy dog fucking shits... 
To all german faggs. U can't even protect your women and u are talking about protecting whole country. C'mom. Whos pussy here? 
 Poor poland. Can into toliets though 
 but those are the finnish m95 camo, not the 05 
Poland will not become another Reich. They're just celaning the mess after fucking retards and agents that were ruining the country. 
 Fag overload 
 No. Not every shit government (which Poland now definitely has) rises to the level of the Nazis.  In fact, virtually no shit governments are quite as bad as the Nazis were. 
 ' Oh, I DO read. But not from german shit-media. Only the best will happen, just as it happened to Hungary.  Did the filthy shit-media that shits down your head ever mentioned, for example, how Hungary paid off it's national debdt to International Monetary Fund in just a few years?  Im sure they did not.   Poland, and the rest of post-soviet states, have been drained from resources and money for the past 1/4 century. The so called "west" has colonised us economically, destroyed our industry, our trade and our banks.  It now comes to the end, fucker. I defecate on you, proll.   P.S. Enjoy your mudslimes. 
 one of those guys who writes whats really going on, come one Ger-Pol fags, hate him 
 one of those guys who writes whats really going on, come one fags, hate him 
  wooooow so much knowledge you don't need it to clean toilets. 
 
 whatever desu senpai. :^) 
 Nope.  They will invade Mexico, realize they fucked up and do a 360º 
  What are they gonna do blitzkrieg the place while throwing potatoes? It'd fun though kinda like a zombie apocalypse. Fighting off hordes of hobling drunks 
         lmaaao enjoy getting cucked by Mudslims you stupid germans xD" 
 At least we were fucking relevant and still are. Stay irrelevant and keep on sucking Merkel's cunt Polen. 
   (germanfag detected.  Why don't you start taking care of your women, instead of "worrying" about polish democracy. Or do you prefer to fuck dogs, like so many Germans do. 
 You weren't even alive, you retard, you have nothing to be proud of, you are not even relevant in your house. 
   By "we" you mean who? Turks and other mudslimes who are taking over your country from you? Native germans are dying out and you know it. RAEG HARDER, NIGGERMAN. :)   
Draw Thread Kris's Surprise Edition 
requests? 
Requesting Rukia sharing a meal with a pokemon of your choice 
 a creature made of pure compassion 
Good morning thread requests? 
 Draw a tank made of cheese 
 
If you're taking requests:  Draw an antelope head butting a jeep through a tree.  With you in it. 
 Ranran 
 Nobody did this yet? If not for the sake of making you stop... 
' 
 
 That face is cute! 
 Common, he's fun. 
Can i draw trinket with eyelashes or will he rip my dick off? 
 Oh no, he's had it filled hundreds of times. 
 this is just the request banq makes to show that banq is in thread, its harmless 
 He is as fun as standing in line to buy tickets for a ride, just to go to the raid and stand in line again 
 ' My name isn't Common, it's Anonymous. 
 Wrong. 
 Draw trinket like squatting slav 
 fanks mang 
whats the "official" name of the 4chan memme of the guy with a photoshopped demunted face that reminds me of dwayne johnson  pic not related 
mean this one? 
 no, its more of a close up/just the face, but instead the different parts of the face are rearranged and it looks autistic 
 you sure? 
absolutely nobody can stump donald trump prime and donald trump can deport anyone as well but prime can deport everyone at the same time u know wut im sayin 
 
Reply to this thread or this will happen to you tomorrow 
Gather around /b/, today I'll tell you the story of why I'm still a virgin         '        '    '  '   '     hey i wanted to ask you somethi..ARRRRRGGHH"   ' '  Cont? 
 Im interested, fucking continue already 
Bump 
  Stopped reading. Underaged faggot 
cont pls 
Continue you fucking beautiful faggot OP 
What would you do to each? 
Who the fuck thought about this fashion trend to wear caps backwards, it totally defeats the purpose of the cap. I could only think it originating from army snipers as they would have to operate with opti 
Protects from neck burn tho 
 /thread 
Started with Hip Hop Wrappers 
I have 22x 2GB RAM  Trips decide what I do. Not gonna put in pooper 
 Gimme all of them 
put it in piss-pipe 
throw them at people from your window 
Give one to the first 22 anons 
 reroll 
 roll 
break all of it in half 
   it's DDR2, why would you want it 
  Upload it to downloadmoreram.com and see if the universe implodes. 
 rolll 
 rollando 
 microwafe until nice and crispy 
 Aus? 
GET 
 Sell it to people from poor countries 
 rooollll 
Use one to slice your fingers in the webbings. All of your webbings. 
Make a RAM condom for your dick 
 Just throw them in the trash. To destroy the earth. 
 Microwave them 
 download more 
 This 
Is any ECC? If not, then stick them all in pooper! 
 this 
Glue them all together into a death-disc and throw it at someone 
keychains 
gimme 4gb pls 
 roll provide video 
 One must ask.... Why do you have 22 of them? 
Create a New meme  We roll for the funniest caption. Post on 9gag. Get trend going.  Than improvise 
eat them 
put them in you asshole 
Put in mouth and chew 
 rolllll 
 To put in my pooper 
 Check , mate 
Put in blender drink it 
 roll 
 roll 
 
 microwave them one all 
Put them in your urethra 
 
  this 
send them to me faggot im form polend we poor here 
 rev up those kitchen fryers op, it's time to cook. 
 Reroll 
The answer is always pooper. 
 this 
    ohhh it's comin up nigga 
 Roll 
  roll 
 Make a kill switch, (take an extension cord, cut it, strip the wires at the end) then touch it to the chips and watch them explode, post results. 
 micowave 
 roll 4 fried RAMen. 
 Roll 
Let me have a few 
 microwave them 
 throw from window at people 
  reroll for the free ramz 
 Put in the mailboxes/letterboxes of all your neighbours 
 microwave them one at a time 
  damn do my dubz get 2gigs??? 
Blend it and put the powder in water. Drink it like kool-aid 
 Give me that shit, I need it for an old laptop build I have 
 Pls mail me like 3 
 Not that anon, but I have an old tower that I could put it in. Its only got 512MB atm. 
 lick them with power 
Tape them around some kind of explosive to make a ram shrapnel bomb. Or, mail them all to me to add to my collection of ram that I'll never use but could one day maybe be worth something, if not money then maybe just historical value? Idk. Like when I'm 80 in 2067 
Cum on it + pic 
 Teroll 
 Rawl 
 little bitch. 
Put them into your ass one per one. + pics or vid. 
 
poot in pooper 
 Ey fuk u man 
  ok give me 4gb then cum on the rest. 
 google scatporn and fap to it  get 
 know what im sayinn 
  Donate it to the homeless. 
  ok give me 4gb then cum on another 4gb then take a shit on the rest. 
 put kid porn on it then give to all you friends. 
  Second try. 
  ok give me 4gb then cum on another 4 then shit on another 4 then burn the rest. 
Put em in my pooper then 
Stick them into your ass 
Give to me 
Rolling for putting in pooper 
  
Throw them at disabled people, maybe they'll work better 
 ok give me 4gb then just go fuck yourself with the rest. jk 
Roll 
Can't you just set fire to them all and put up the pictures here? 
snap them all. every single on of them 
Put in bleach, put bleach and them in microwave on high 8 minutes 
 Roll 
     blend it and drink it, post the video 
     LMFAO op deliver 
 Childporn winrar 
 
 Rolling 
also give me 4gb 
 
   
donate it to the homeless 
 Rolling for this one 
 Throw them in the face 
 Ramdisk my friend :^) 
   literally just print it out and glue it to the ram then give it to your friends 
 Op here, no I wont deliver CP around. Also I said no pooper, yet you keep rolling pooper.  I will abandon the thread, /b/ros 
 Are you fucking kidding me? 
 roll 
  u aint no fun  but u can give me 4gb tho 
Wanna sell me 8gb? just name reasonable price 
 
gimme 4 
 Trips Gotta do it op 
 Jack? 
 tripfag here, I call for you to deep fry them. 
 $1 billion 
  lmao@urlife:~$ 
   gtfo 
Glue them to old circuitry board, add some wires and an alarm clock, express mail them to the militia occupying that ranchers office in the US. wait a day and call in and ananymously tip they are building explosives Watch the news 
gimme 4gb 
op i hope you're proud of yourself now gimme the ramz 
 you can't be serious 
 
  
  FUCK YEAH.  email me @ cheatcode111@hotmail.com 
 op is gone, op is a faggot. check'd 
 This tho 
 Then go back to your safe space and don't come back until you grow a pair 
 2teo10+7gm4l77a4ak98@sharklasers.co m  Can I get some RAM? 
Stick em to a dodge ram Post results 
 Truly retarded 
Blend them up, air pump the result into your urethra 
 y'all niggers do appreciate the difference between volatile and non-volatile memory, right? 
   op pls deliver 
 Ram em down this guys throat 
Roast me, /b/astards. Bet you can't. 
 You look like an upstanding young man 
 You seem like a pretty cool guy op  10/10 would chill 
Bit of a cool cat 
 You look like a dollop semen came to life and dedicated its time to making awful decisions. 
 I bet you thought you were cool for listening to radiohead in highschool 
 You probably cried when bowie died 
Post nudes, you are cute little twink 
 You make sure to tell everyone that the book was better than the movie 
 hey i know u, we were in the same classroom few years ago. My name is Rank you look more gay like this 
  Cambridge market square/10 
 You're name is rank? Wtf sort of name is that? 
 Dude... You are literally right next to a dumpster. You're trying to hide your smell? 
 
 
What is up with these tits? Girl I've been trying to fuck for a month now finally sent me nudes but there's something wrong with her tits.   Pic very related. 
Kek those nips are cryin 
Wtf 
Looks like she had breast reduction and a 'lift' where move her nipples so they arnt pointing south. 
congrats getting the pic from reddit /r/pics 
They are just crying because they haven't been sucked on yet. :( 
 Are you serious ? This is called "breast reduction", look it up... 
 This is bait. 
  Congratulations, your gf is an idiot 
 She explains what happened in the album you took the picture from you stupid nigger. I hate you. 
Whats the best way to get my future gf (the one on the right) to allow me lick her ass hole? 
 
Hello virgins!  If you want sex with hot (swedish) girls, you need only 2 things:  1. One ticket to Sweden 2. A little bit hashish (you can use your own shit with a little bit hairspray too, if you doesn't have real camel shit hashish from Marocco)  HAVE FUN AND TELL YOUR FRIENDS AS LONG AS THE SWEDEN SEX PARK IS STILL OPEN!!! 
 
Deu  weiter  was machen sachen 
 Fuck Germany.   All the good Germans and Swedes went to America about 120 years ago, m8.  Enjoy pisslam. 
 
  Heizlüfter vs. Kamin?  Kennt ihr irgendwelche Avatare persönlich? Wen?  Wie viel lagiges Klopapier benutzt ihr?  Sollte man Flüchtlinge zur Registrierung in eingezäunte Lager stecken?  Was habt ihr für eine Frisur (idealerweise pic related)? 
 kek was??? nich dein ernst und mit so einem bist du zusammen?  Wir haben die gleichen hobbys, er bringt mich zum lachen und ist für mich da. und das reicht dir? obwohl er fett ist, sich gehen lässt, nicht an sich arbeit und alles hinnimmt?  passiert  ich empfehle gewichtheben, ist für frauen besonders von vorteil 
  lüfter  zum glück nicht  4  ja sichi  fasson schnitt 12 mm 
    Warst wohl gestern nicht im Faden.   Jup, liebe oder so.. und kein bock alleine zu sein. 
  This is an English-speaking board and if you don't like it fuck off. 
  ne leidern ich haste noch auszüge?  hm versteh ich  ohje wenn es dir nur um das nicht alleine sein geht, weiß nich ob das so förderlich ist. aber das musst du wissen. 
  Ofen.  Nein.  Dreilagig glaube ich.  Ja, wie die Tiere.  Seiten und Nacken relativ kurz, dazu Scheitel. 
 Alles in allem gings darum das ich es echt mal brauchte irgendwo Luft abzulassen weil er bis jetzt nur sein Neet leben pflegt kein geld hat bei mama wohnt und für seine Eltern nur Lieferjunge und Diener ist 
Deutschland 2017 
zuhören und miren! 
 Fuck Germany. 
 also..lässt er sich willens ausnutzen, von seinen eltern, genießt aber sozusagen sein neet leben ohne arbeit? und er will nicht arbeiten oder einfach kein bock? 
heut jemand deutsch hip hop? 
  Lüfter   Nope    3, bin mir aber nicht sicher    Bitte genauere Angaben zum prozedere    Pic relatiert, is noch von diesem Monat. War zu faul ein neues zu bearbeiten. 
 PROKRASTINIEREN ANSTATT SICH ÜBER THEO ZU INFORMIEREN 
 Krähe oder China Anon? 
 Er traut sich nichts dagegen zu sagen, seine Mutter hat MS und deswegen muss er sich alles gefallen lassen, Er schreibt zwar bewerbungen hat ein Fachabi aber wenn er mal eingeladen wird dann wird er entweder nicht angenommen oder ihm fällt ein grund ein nicht da zu arbeiten... immer hickhack 
 eloquent und juju 
  das is scheiße aber er hat ja auch ein leben   also faul  ja dann hat er doch chancen auf ne ausbildung tret dem jungen mal in den arsch, brauch er am end 
  Warum nicht beides?   Nope   4   Jep. Wer ohne Registrierung EU-Boden betritt, wird erschossen oder zumindest mit einem Brandmal gezeichnet, sodass er nie wieder nach Europa kann   Typische BWLer Gelfrisur 
 junge eloquent habe ich locker seid 4jahren nicht mehr gehört, kann man ja mal wieder machen 
 LÄCHELND IN MESSERS SCHNEIDE LAUFENDER ANON 
Fuck Germany. 
 sag ich ja tapefabrik jonge 
  Kamin Heizlüfter ist aber auch geil   Ne   Vierlagiges und extraweiches   Schon längst überfällig. Das stelle ich mir unter einer europäischen Lösung vor. Davor noch Griechenland für seine unglaubliche Dummheit und Dreistigkeit aus der Schengen-Zone schmeißen und gut ist   Gelfrisur nach hinten gekemmt. Seiten nicht rasiert (wenn auch natürlich etwas kürzer geschnitten), Nacken schon. Wenn ich mir 'nen Scheitel hinkämm, seh ich aus wie ein schwarzer Hitler kek  ~NL 
  gruseliger thriller auf kabel eins damals gesehen irgendwas mit nem bär und ner jägerhütte 
Femanon, wie ist es, ernste frage, mit brüsten? Nerven die nicht beim laufen, duschen,liegen? 
 Hast du auch einen Bart oder mehr so Milchbubi Gesicht? Kontaktlinsen oder Brille? Welche Rasse findest du am ästhetischsten? 
  nervt dein penis? 
 schon ein wenig. 
 ja 
Das war in irgendeiner Straße nachts in Tokio, inzwischen bin ich wieder in Deutschland 
    Kurz mit Energydrink chillen, dann weiter lernen    Kamin  Keinen  4 glaub ich  Ja. Jeder, der aus einem Nicht-Kriegsgebiet oder ohne Pass da ist, direkt wieder abschieben. Zusätzlich kein Geld sondern nur Essensmarken und Sachspenden. Ansonsten eventuell ein kleines Taschengeld von 50€ monatlich. Wer straffällig wird, direkt unabhängig der Straftat abschieben. Wenn es wieder sicher im Herkunftsland ist direkt abschieben. Sollte die meisten davon abhalten hierhin zu kommen.   An den Seiten 6mm, oben ca 2cm. Zur Seite mit Wachs. momentan aber nichts drin, weil ich eh zu Hause bin. 
   Gehört zusammen 
 ja 
 Ne, er ist Hardy? Hab erst vor kurzem angefangen regelmäßig hier zu lurken 
  Vielleicht ist mein biologischer Vater ja ein Häuptling in Schwarzafrika kek Ansonsten laufen hier recht viele an der Wiwi Fakultät so rum, größtenteils hetero (schätz ich mal)   Aufmerksamkeit brauche ich nicht unbedingt. Bist ja auch der einzige Avatar, der sich regelmäßig abmeldet, weil er glaubt, dass es irgendwen jucken würde lel  ~NL 
 *wer is Hardy? 
Heute schon Rosen an Flüchtlinge verteilt? 
 Auch so empfindlich sprich leicht erregbar um die nippel? Gibt ja welche bei denen das 0 macht  Wenn du n festeren hintern willst, kniebeugen mit langhantel. Und bankdrücken für festere brüste. 
  Deine Seiten sind länger als dein oberers Haar?! Warum? Sieht das nicht mega scheiße aus? 
Cyka Blyat 
 germany today 
Kamin  Nein, was für eine behinderte frage   4  Ja  Einen strammen deutschen Fasson mit einrasiertem Seitenscheitel und Pomade in den Haaren. 
 Rated ma tokioanon 
 Wiedererkennung ist dahingehend nützlich, dass man nicht immer wieder die gleichen Diskussionen führt, weil man nicht erkennen kann, wer sein Gesprächspartner ist. Als Avatar passiert einem das nicht, außer wenn sich ein Neufreund in den Faden verirrt. Aufmerksamkeit ist mir recht Banane. Es ist verdammt nochmal. Von der Aufmerksamkeit fetter Virgins mit Waifu kann man sich noch nicht einmal 'nen Lolli kaufen   ~NL 
 *verdammt nochmal /b/ 
 Kek. Anon, 2 cm  6 mm 
 Danke Putinska 
Was macht ihr um euch vor der anstehenden Vernichtung der weissen Bevölkerung in Europa zu schützen? auswandern, geheimer Bunker, kämpfen aus dem Untergrund heraus? mache mir zur zeit große Sorgen um die Zukunft. Kinder in die welt zu setzen erscheint mir aktuell hoch unverantwortlich.  Wie seht ihr das? 
 Kannst du russisch schreiben? 
 glückwunsch, petite und trotzdem dicke glocken.  der feuchte traum aller männer 
  schmerzen deine schamlippen auch? würd ich auch gerne mal sehen 
 Du bist selber ein fetter permavirgin betafag wenn du überhaupt auf die Idee kommst, so oft auf /b rumzulungern, dass du nen avatar brauchst! 
 die fotze sieht animiert aus. Gesicht ist zu perfekt oder zumindest Lippen. zeig mal bild von fresse 
  Nur Dummköpfe machen sich darüber Sorgen. Du wirst schon nicht vertrieben. So hat es bei den Juden damals auch angefangen. Der subtile Hass und der Neid auf Minderheiten, die eigentlich gar nicht zu beneiden sind. Lasst doch mal die Kirche im Dorf. Wir leben nicht mehr im Mittelalter. 
 petite? würde eher sagen präfett und ein wenig alt 
  Abgesehen von den Titten hast du auch ziemlich geile Lippen 
  Er will vorallem keine Kinder in die Welt setzen aber auch nicht das die weißen aussterben... 
 Neubürger haben wieder massiv bereichert... 
 Ausländer.   (Kamin wenn die Möglichkeit besteht)  (Ja, ich kenne den wirklichen Ausländer-chan und bald Karton)   (Mir egal)  (Lockige lange Haare, dunkelbraun) 
 junge, guck dir mal die lippen und das kinn an! 
 Offiziell die größte Katastrophe für deutschland seit dem zweiten Weltkrieg. Das wird das Gesicht unseres Landes für immer verändern...so dass es nicht wieder zu erkennen ist. 
hab heute Nacht (4 Uhr) mit meiner Freundin heftig rumgemacht, sie war nackt auf mir in reiterstellung und ich hatte halt meine boxershorts noch so halb an und heute morgen hab ich dann bemerkt dass da etwas rotes Zeug (Blut und fotzenschleim oder so) an meiner boxershorts war. was zum teufel ist das bzw woher? Ihre Tage hat sie erst gehabt vor 2 Wochen ca 
 Wer? 
 Hmm okay, nimmste die pille? Empfehle kupferspirale da kannste auch nichts vergessen etc. Aber zurück zum Thema, tret deinen freund in den arsch 
 ACH ANON DU TROLLST UNTER MADINA  idiot das ist schwenkes 
 Ja hab ich. alt und schwabbeltitten. 
  Eventuell zwischenblutungen oder sie war nicht feucht genug und es hat sie blutig gescheuert. Nicht so tragisch 
  oder sie hat ihre tage nicht gut genug kalkuliert  nur wenn auf pille  deshalb PILLE WEG macht nur probleme spirale her 
 Nein, zeig mir bitte wo ich mehr finde.  Also von der Alten, nicht von dem Typen. 
 Ich bin froh, dass ich gemischte Kinder kriege.  hatte sonst sorge, dass sie wegen ihres deutschen Aussehens gemobbt werden und auch später im leben nur Nachteile haben. 
 EINZELFÄLLE DU NAZI 
 Naja feucht war sie schon sehr sehr Deswegen denke ich und hoffe ich mal auf was anderes harmloses. Die Pille nimmt sie meines Wissens nach nicht 
 Hatte mal eine, die hatte so einen Ring in der fotz. Das ist aber was anderes oder? Die hat fast immer geblutet weil mein schwanz das Ding immer hin und her geknallt hat 
 ne die soll hier nich gepostet werden ist unteralter  FEMANON WO BIST DU    kek enjoy vater werden 
 Wer wird denn gemobbt weil er deutsch aussieht? Vielleicht in Berlin Neukölln 
 äh das nennt man piercing 
Kennt jemand ne Seite bei der man Bücher torrenten kann? Brauche  "Finanzwirtschaft des Unternehmens" von Perridon und Steiner fürs Studium...weiß einer was? 
  Herzlichen fürs Vater werden.   Kekekekekek 
 Hab sie gestern ja nicht penetriert, nur rumgemacht und gefingert Ansonsten nehme ich Kondome 
 Nein IN der fotze drin...so ein Verhütungsring...kp kennt das wer? 
  Lad es dir doch über die online BiB deiner uni 
Hat der Hausmeister keine Hobbies? Hört bitte auf hier CP zu spammen, der bannt nicht nur die Bilder sondern auch mich immer gleich mit, weil er nichts zu tun hat 
  dann lieber wichsen... finde Gummis extrem abturnend. 
 heißt nuva-ring, hat meine freundin auch. der hängt mir nach dem ficken manchmal in der vorhaut bluten tut sie aber nicht deswegen 
 Du machst es einem ja genau so schwer wie die Mods. 
 Da ist es nicht als kompletter DL. Und ausgeliehen ist es bis Ende des Jahres... 
 fast jede schule heutzutage! zbs ruhrgebiet. Hier gibt es fast nur noch Schulen mit 80% und mehr Ausländer Anteil 
 Ist Alltag 
 Das is ne Lüge, ich kenn genug Leute ausm Ruhrgebiet 
 klingt schrecklich lieber die spirale da merkst du wenn überhaupt n bisschen was, is aber nur n stück faden und der kann gekürzt werden   hör halt auf   DIES! 
 richtig kacke.  Mein Teil ist 5cm dick vom durchmesser. vllt lags daran 
  Ja in sozial schwachen Gegenden.  Ich müsste erstmal ein paar Kilometer in die aussenbezirke fahren, damit sowas Eventuell! passieren könnte.  Bekommt euer Leben auf die reihe und zieht aus den Brennpunkten raus ihr betaschwuchteln 
 
 
Any metal growlers here on /b/? 
 The said I could be anything I wanted.  So I became a Street Shark. 
 kek 
I've been trying to practice growling. Mostly while drinking though. Is it bad? 
 it depands, do you exhale or inhale? 
 I don't growl metal but I do growl in a way that metalheads tend to enjoy. 
 corpsegrinder has such a beautiful neck 
 So its exhale then,well its good to drink water while practice 
 Is inhaling good for anything other than pig squeals? (not the same guy btw) 
 its fucking divine 
 Someone say metal growler? 
 Is there any other methods than exhale? 
 inhaling is for plebs 
 sides 
 Their is inhale  
 you can make weird skinwalker noises if you inhale 
  not even once 
 Inhaling, no matter how you do it is annihilating you're vocal chords. I've been doing growls and screams for 3 years now 
 I know its not metal but its a good example 
 Pigsqueal is also made with an exhale bro 
 Pig squealing is the only thing I can remotely do by inhaling. 
some good examples. The whole band is mix of scream and growling. 
I do death growls, pig squeals, gutturals etc. 
 
Dragon Ball Z question for you guys.  What is Goku's talent?  For instance   Gohan is good at reaching down and unleashing unprecedented saiyain power, it is virtually limitless, he just has to tap into it.  Piccolo, he meditates and his focus allows him to be fast and accurate, he is the true strategist.   Vegeta, he never scared and has the pride of the whole saiyan race to help him always become ever stronger, not to mention he gets the most intenste zenkai boosts. He would gladly die for the cause.   So what is Goku? To me he seems to just be a lucky idiot. 
We got some autism here. Grow up, OP  But on a serious not, and I'm not fan, although they might have unique special moves I don't think each has this 'special talent'  I mean not being scared isn't a talent, weren't all of them brave?(except for the bald manlet) 
 gomu is milhgyt 
He seems to be the most naturally gifted fighter, and just "gets" fighting and its techniques more than anyone else. There's countless times where he shocks more experienced fighters by how good he is. 
 OP is true faggot. Doesn't belong here But Goku is the fucking hero that's his calling. He's got deeper wells than anyone else 
 I don't understand the love for DBZ, I finally got around to watching it recently, been going through the first season and it's just boring as shit, episodes 1-5 was just a single fight then 5-20 consist of Gohan fucking around chasing animals and Goku running...there are two filler episodes where nothing happens and they get back to the 'plot' where Goku runs and Gohan fucks around. Nothing is fucking happening! Why is it so loved? 
 Because goku is not a bat or scared of green rocks. Nor is he emo, adhd, over complicated or recycled like a bad recon. On top of all that he was the first superhero to emerge in the US out side of the monopoly of DC and marvel.  ( DC and Marvel on the word superhero in every variation a phrase in it so it's impossible for anyone to make a superhero without their permission)  If you want a good answer it is because he dose everything superman dose with out the handy cap or I'm just better than you attitude that. For the most part he acts like a normal person is a character you can relate to unlike what DC and Marvel put out there with this hero superiority complex. And people like the story because instead of pulling random s*** out the air it's based off of The Monkey King Goku and actually has a history and lineage behind it 
 Goku has mastered the power of the "Zen" (I think that's what it's called). AKA the power of nothingness. Being completely at peace with yourself, thinking about absolutely nothing.  This is why he's so carefree. And why he's able to perform instant transmission (some Buddhist mythology here). 
 He didnt say anything about DC and marvel wtf are you talking about 
 Vegeta, never scared? Watch battle of gods 
kids these days still watch Dragonball Z ? I fallowed the manga (yes, manga) each week back when it was still active, 
    I like your faggy insults but at the same time give me an answer anyways. You guys are the real fags.   I was just a show from my childhood that happens to have way better morals and entertainment then the fucking redux movies Hollywood is pulling out of their asses right.   Some people like Family Guy, some people like DBZ. Big fucking deal.   Thanks for the shitty feedback anway though. 
 I'm 26, used to watch it during my teen day on Toonami and such.   But Hulu has re-aired it uncensored, so, iv been having a great time watching them Z boys kick the shit out of some bad guys. 
 If you are looking for some more story oriented, watch Dragonball I think you will like that better. Its my favorite out of all the series. 
 I'm 35, I remember going to bookstore every Wednesday, waiting for a new episode. Trunks' appearance was awesome 
 Its weird, maybe it was just my area, but I could never get my hands on the manga's 
 I'm pretty sure most of us here were around during the first wave and man what a glorious time to be alive I still have some of my Manga of Dragonball and DBZ even the first American Viz prints before they switched to Shonen Jump. I miss walking into a walmart and seing the whole toy isle filled with DBZ toys and models. As well as Gundam model kits and other anime that were popular on toonami at the time. Or the late night classics tht aired on Adult swim back when toonami was playing the uncensored anime. Miss watching Trigun, FLCL, Big O, Cowboy Bebop and Yu Yu Hakusho.That was the fucking golden age back when parents so it as a threat kek. We will never have something like that again. I witsness the begining of Toonami, it's end and the rebirth.Really miss those days. 
 Yeah. I watched as cartoon network slowly went to shit.   These new cartoons that they are feeding to kids are empty and souless. 
community loves him, golden boy, like vegetas pride thing, gets all the opportunities, doesnt matter how many times he fails 
 I think it is the ability to stay focused and not even consider his own ability when training. To totally silence his own curiosity about how much he is advancing or if he is better than someone else (Or maybe because he hit his head, he doesn't even possess the ability to keep tabs on his progress) Unlike Vegeeta who is absolutely obsessed with "catching up" to Goku and surpassing him. I think this mentality actually held Vegeeta back from ever surpassing Goku.   I feel like I'm not explaining it right. You know how you practice something a lot and try to get it right and finally when you do you think "wow look how far I've come" even for a split second? Goku doesn't do that. At all.  What the cause of this is? Debateable.  WHY he does this? What is Goku's motivation? Even more debateable 
 wat 
 The series really picks up at episode 150 or so  You just have to watch another 789 hours for it to get good  No but seriously the first 35 episodes have like 6 or 7 filler episodes.  Those go away when you get into the Frieza saga if I remember correctly 
  goku is milhouse 
 I love Adventure Time and Regular Show though amazing cartoons. 
 I wouldn't say Goku is a superhero  I'd say he attained all his shit through hard ass training and big tests like Frieza and Cell and Buu.   He didn't just get bitten by some radioactive retard and suddenly get all of his strength.  He had an aptitude towards martial arts and it was cultivated through the adults around him and he worked hard to attain his strength.   Goku is Nietsche's Ubermench. 
   Did you not see how he was a lil scared bitch when Broly appeared? XD 
  
 Yesh the whole snake way and king Kai training is a bit drab.   But when they all get on planet Namek, shit starts to go down.   And its really starts getting entertaining. 
 Yeah, but I almost feel like Adventure Time and Regular Show should have been an Adult Swim show. 
 Well that's because he knew he was the Legendary Super Saiyjin.   Most other enemies, Vegeta was like, bring it on you bitch ass motherfuckers. 
 Manga is pumping out new content bro, time to get back on board 
 there is no such thing as luck, people who fail use the term luck to justify there failure, its easier than realising that you failed in what you were trying to acomplish, to say i was unlucky is easier than to point out your flaws, or saying he was lucky is easier thant realising the effort that someone elce put in to succeed.   goku is a hardworking powerhouse who grew up with an old master who knew nothing is achieved through luck, you have to work for it, and when his gramps died he pushed on and trained to get stronger, and grew and learnt, sheit, im sure before episode 10 he was practicing kamahamahaaaa  he is a tank with determination and a kind heart 
 Goku is is God, also Broly made Vegeta piss himself in terror 
 
What would you do to my bitch /b/? 
 I would fuck that as much as I could. Great body 
Shit on her nipples 
 cuntpunch 
sleep tight egger 
sleep tight egger 
sleep tight egger 
sleep tight egger 
Sleep tight egger 
WHERE IS PUPPER )CUNT CUNT CUNT KIL DIE YOU 
Sleep tight egger 
sleep tight egger 
sleep tight egger 
"Sleep tight egger" 
Sleep tight egger 
sage sage cancer 
sleep tight egger 
don't sleep tight egger 
sleep tight nigger 
 sleep tight egger 
 Sleep tight egger 
 oops sleep tight egger 
sleep tight **egger** 
wake me up/cant wake up egger 
eggspect us egger 
Sleep tight egger 
Sleep tight egger 
sleep tight egger 
sleep tight egger 
Sleep tight egger 
 sleep tight egger 
 Sleep tight egger 
Sleep tight egger 
sleep tight egger 
Sleep tight egger 
Sleep tight egger you filthy cunt 
sleep tight egger 
 Sleep tight egger 
 Sleep tight, NorthernLion. 
 
 
Attention anyone with these vids. This is my cousin, you need to delete them immediately or I will contact the administrator of this site and file a complaint. 
 kek 
 
    low quality b8 m8 
 Proof? 
 I'm moot what seems to be the problem plebeian 
 DAMMN SHE FINE 
 your "stories" are getting fucking pathetic  just FYI, this is the same guy who always posts this ugly faggot "fucking" the other ugly faggotess, and it most likely is the ugly faggot himself posting 
 Wow he looks like a total faggot and he's fucking a 10/10 chick. And I'm just sitting here with doritoes crumbs on my shirt and a cum stained sock next to me.   Wheres the full vid? 
Where tf is this? In a WW2 bunker? 
Is there any more? I need to know which other ones I have to delete 
 somebody post OPs vids 
  lmao, not even half that, but yeah the guy is one of the ugliest goblins I've seen tbh 
Someone is being a bitch 
Your cousin has to be almost 30 by now, cuz this shit is oooooooooooooold. 
 Where the video 
 that guy looks a lot like me except thinner 
 Kek.    
 actually it is just the hair and the angle 
 it's actually the ugly fag posting it himself, like always 
 Baited 
 anyone got link to it? i know its on efukt 
   clearly you are new as fuck, falling for bait like a brick.  so you can't say "us"   
 nobody cares, fatty. 
 its just weird as fuck tho 
   I was just pointing it out because I thought it was funny. I know op is just being a faggot. 
 Like gook moot can read engrish. 
 its probably you from a parallel universe. this is what your life would be like, if you werent so awkward and could talk to girls.. 
Where's full vid? 
 looking no luck 
 Yeah I've been asking too... Where the hell is it 
 may have found something 
 Hm not sure if it's the same girl but reverse image it and see where it leads 
 what a whore 
    You're massive bait. 
  I r9 ur b9 a 9/11. 
 
 
 apparently her 
 what filth slut ill go on found two vids 
 
  yes mate look at dis doh 
 
 
 
 r u trying to put me off or encourage me i just dont know 
    goddamn 
 
 i know rite , look at her take dick... the money she could earn lol 
 
 nice 
 
 im diamonds to this bitch rn you got any videos with sound? 
 no i sore one about two weeks ago with sound tho, no idea where maye motherless 
 whats the story behind this? who are they? 
 
what iOS app do you guys use to save snapchat pictures? 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Why are atheists so retarded?   
 Whit use this picture if you want to bait? 
 Why*** 
  Why not? 
  
 All atheists are like that. 
 Why not? Atheist won't even open your post if you use that, just find some fat fedora dude and they will come running to argue with you... 
 like this? 
lmao, extremist atheism,  Saw a group of preachers a few weeks ago yelling and screaming in the middle of the city about how he killed his son and bashed his family and that god accepted him, guy walked up to him and responded to everything he was saying with "why?" and he just left, dank meme man gr8 b8 too 
 That's perfect, the atheist god will surely trigger them 
 Why do you care what other people do or don't believe? 
  Shit, turns out that video was accurate... 
 Why the FUCK do we have this thread every fucking day?! No matter what stupid fucking new fags will still take the fucking bait. I'm sick of this. And even still no body understands that both atheists and the religious have a large amount of mouth breathing fucking retards amongst their ranks, and most of these questions these lazy trolls ask are nearly always fallacious. Fuck me can we please get something at least creative these days? 
Life is pointless. There is no advanced extraterrestrial life, because when a species finally comprehends that fact, they destroy themselves. Humankind's god is the only thing which keeps millions of hopeless people from suicide. We are just a mistake made by evolution and universe which should never occur. 
 Oh shit here is the atheist master mind, he is one of the few that manage to survive in this cruel world without God, we must all bow to his wisdom... 
 Did you know that there is a church for atheists?  it seems, atheists are unable to resist the inner urge to attend church, as all human being too.  Checkmate atheists   Is this creative enough? 
 lol iam atheist and i still don't want to go to any church not even '''atheist''' church 
You faggots are not even trying anymore 
How do you hide your boners on the beach, /b/?  Hot babes showing 95% of their bodies... I go crazy 
Fap in the ocean. 
 AYY LMAO but there's babes in the ocean too 
 thats so embarrassing for him but really he should be admired for being able to get it up and the woman or women should be grateful for his attention so long as he isnt being a creep 
 stop being a virgin. Or look at mens. 
 It looks like a nice cock too 
 why not showing boner?   you don't have to show interesst on girls when your diddely does. 
Not be a virgin. Not seeing women half names IRL twice a year at the beach. Not being a huge babby. Not awkwardly staring at women. Not staying inside where you belong. Not focusing on flexing your abs at the beach. Not being able to control basic body functions. Not realizing you're probably gay. Not tucking into your waistband. Not bringing your mom to the beach. Not wearing a speedo. Not masturbating before you go out in public. 
wear tight jocks 
Whats it like to still be in Junior High OP? 
 
 How not be virgin? So hard for me to score girls and don't want to spend money :'(   I'm 22 years old :'( 
think of deadgrandmas, that one helped me last way longer in the sack when i first started out 
  wat  wat ' being gay because boner when women wat  waistband wat  mom... wat 
 ' wt? 
  what? 
 dude.. 
  Not reading correctly. Not being street smart. Not knowing proper beach education. Not browsing /b/ for insightful conversation.  Not helping OP with their question. Not being an alpha. Not living somewhere where half naked grills walk about. Not being an American. Not replying with insight. Not being educated past grade 9. Not being a man. Not posting in a way that doesn't derail. 
  reading wat  wat  beach education.. wat  dude wat  sets? wat? sets?  their? wut  lol wtf wot  but I do..  lol I'm not  derp  but I am  but I am ' lol says you 
Wear a tight wetsuit and show off the boner. 
 I can't even wear regular shorts. 
 How is this a problem? 
How old are you if you still can't handle not getting a boner around girls? It's not challenging to control your own dick. 
 Hard to control with tits on show in bikinis with nip slips 
 I haven't had a hard on that I didn't want to have in years. It's really easy to control that shit. 
   It's even harder when you see sexy 12 year old girls wearing almost nothing.  Glad I take creep pics of them and fap later though 
 I don't feel like being accused of rape everytime a women stares at it 
 By not going to the beach. Who the fuck goes there anyway except     
I'm in a place where the beaches are cold and rocky. I hide my wood in my underwear that are under my pants..that is partially covered by my coat. Not many girls are showing their boobs either. 
 /thread 
 Well, once you've seen a few naked women, you don't get an insta-boner at the sight of a bikini anymore.  It's amazing the powers you get, once you lose your virginity. 
why do you need to hide it? 
 I like you. You're an incurable prankster. 
 You have it all wrong , they are raping you by staring. 
More stories? 
   Was going to do a "in Russia" type vibe but fuck it 
 That's the point 
 
This guy....  
what a fucking faggot 
 criticism of critics because their critical 
  he's jacking off to your salty tears anon :^) 
 Whose critical? 
Have any of you /b/ros ever listened to binaural beats, if so what was it like? Should i try it? 
 Yeah I have. Let me bump this thread first and I'll tell you my experience 
 
ht- 4'11 wt- 90 lbs  i feel creepy af whenever i fap to her. still fap though. 
for fap    
 K 
Piper is bae doh 
She's horrendously ugly 
 Shut the fuck up 
 so are you! 
 Thia is why I feel weird fapping to her 
AMERICA IS NOT A FUCKING COUNTRY That’s right, dipshit! And you know it. America is not a fucking country. If you fail to see this, let me open your eyes: 1. The United States That’s right motherfucker! It’s called the United States of America! That’s your shitty country! America, or the Americas, is North America and South America combined! STOP CALLING YOUR AIDS REGION AMERICA WHEN YOU ARE JUST ONE LITTLE SHIT PIECE OF AMERICA! IT’S LIKE CALLING THE FUCKING MIDDLE EAST EURASIA! “What the fuck is he talking about, Middle East is not a country lol! What a faggot!” Well YOUR FACE because USA is just as much a country as the Middle East! Which means, it is fucking NOT. However, a much better comparsion is 2. Europe That’s right fuckface. There is no fucking difference between Europe and USA. Europe consists of 50 countries with different laws. USA consists of 50 states with different laws. But the same flag. Both are 10.000.000 square kilometers. SO STOP SAYING WE CANT COMPARE THEM THEY ARE THE FUCKING SAME! And USA’s countries are called 3. States The fucking states. They are just like fucking countries, explained earlier. Also, if you ask an “American” where he is from, he will not say “USA” or “America”, but the state he is from. If you ask a European where he is from, he will say the country. NOT THE FUCKING REGION OF THE COUNTRY! And have you noticed how you have 5 different time zones? Most normal countries have one time zone even if they actually cross several ones. Don’t blame this on your size, becasue CHINA IS ALSO CROSSING 5 FUCKING TIME ZONES BUT IT HAS THE SAME TIME ALL OVER! This is clear evidence the states are countries in disguise. Also, even if we assume I am wrong on all this 
 4. It’s not your country FUCKING COLUMBUS! America, talking about the whole region now not your shitty united countries, belonged to the INDIANS! not because they where from India, but Columbus was so mindfucked he thought he was in India. Then he brought some friends, raped the whole fucking thing and killed all natives. Because 5. You are not Americans Columbus brought his European friends and claimed the whole fuck. Most of them British. Then he imported loads of Niggers from Africa as slaves. Eventually they mixed, and the abomination that is known today as “American” was born. Also, did you read that part about Britain? You know, where England is? BECAUSE YOU SPEAK FUCKING ENGLISH! YOU DON’T SPEAK AMERICAN! YOU ARE JUST A FUCKING NIGGER BRIT MIX THAT PRETENDS TO HAVE AN OWN IDENTITY! Besides 6. You didn’t even deserve a country JUST LOOK AT YOU! FUCKING PIECE OF FAILURE SHIT! Your average IQ is 97 versus the global average 100 and European average 101. If you are dumb as fuck and know nothing about IQ, because yours is under 80, you might not think 3 or 4 points are very much. Well, THEY FUCKING ARE! And your obsession with FAT DISGUSTING SHIT THINGS. People are getting fat because of McDonald’s, and other junk food, not to mention sweets and snacks, thanks to you. Fried Mars bars and pancake  sausage with chocolate chip on a stick is NOT FUCKING NORMAL. It’s not even supposed to be edible! IT’S FUCKING GROSS, JUST LIKE YOUR FACE! USA is the only “country” in the world to ban Kinder Eggs, since the fat bastard kids just shoved the whole fucking thing into their mouths and suffocated due to the plastic capsule. And then you think you are SO FUCKING COOL? The Universe was created when someone popped your huge fucking goddamn ego bubble with a needle. 
 X3333333333333 
Does /b/ do investments?  Do you have any stock or are you interested in stocks/specific companies?  I've got a few in my portfolio I like to check once a day or two in between. Mainly tech companies like Google, Apple, Microsoft, Tesla and that sort. 
 bump 
Try investing in some smaller companies anon. I haven't tried stocks before but I know quite a lot about it. Generally you should do some reasearch on small companies and see which one is likely for success. 
Mifi.....buy as much as you can right now and thank me later. 
Yes... /b/ is full of investors and people doing things with their life. 
 It's not because the companies I mentioned are companies I want to invest in. I just like to follow them and see how the changes in the company/media around it moves the stock of the company. I would say I like the landscape of the market for said companies.  If I ever were to invest, I'd suppose it would be in a small company that would be heading into a big contract with a bigger company and thus their stock would rise a lot if the contract carried fruit. 
 So what makes them so interesting? 
 I guess you are gone by now. 
The King 
 
 did dubs just decide the King? 
 No faggot 
only trips decides the king 
Ok /b. I need help writing an email to an Army recruiter.    I want to pose as a transsexual, transracial, oppressed battered woman, Islamic atheist. that wants to get into Special Forces. 
 
I made a YouTube video  
gratz 
Why do you have random first page google images every 5th word? Jesus christ 
 Cheers 
 hahahahahhahaha 
OP is a faggot 
 Nice.  I made a thread where you can troll an Australian competition, get your shit made, and make $100.    Nice vid OP. Keep em coming. 
 nice 17 subs fag 
 what the fuck is up with people giving their opinins over surf videos? 
 idk man.lmao. Couldn't think of anything more original tbh haha 
 pls 
 Thanks bruv 
you are right about the most girls who are streaming or making gaming video's on youtube.  only the way how you bring it is like a whining neckbeard who is complaining about streaming girls. You also repeat yourself, and watching a surf map is kinda boring. Also try to swear less in your video, because people will take you more serious when you don't use fucking every 3 sentences. 
 cheers for the criticism. 
 makes you look like a basement dweller. who are you trying to reach? people who come on here? everybody agrees with you, even those who indulge and like those sluts still agree they are sluts. 
 haha thanks bruv. 
 too be honest I just made the video because I could. I have a few other videos if you want to watch them but they are essentially the same thing. Waiting on my camera before I make more creative content. 
Not even going to watch your shitty video.  The two girls (Kacey and Venti) are satire trolls you fucking imbecile dipshit.   I honestly cannot believe this many people seriously can't see that it's satire and their entire act is making fun of other streamers for views/a career.  How fucking absolutely stupid are some of you? Serious question. 
 I literally say I know they are trolls in the video. You're a smart one aren't you? 
 I literally also say I'm not going to watch your shitty Youtube video. Who gives a shit what your opinion is on camgirls and Twitch girls?  They're no different than bartenders that flirt with patrons or saleswomen. Blame the loser faggots that keep giving money for no reason just so they can have a career. 
 hahahahahahahah. Don't even try it bruv. You jumped to conclusions and now you're looking for any reason to hate on me. Don't watch my video I wouldn't want a dirty scrub like you watching it anyway. 
Can you seriously not go 5 seconds without putting a fucking meme in the middle of your screen? 
 hahahahahahahahahahaha. never enough memes. 
   Fuck you OP 
Are you Australian? 
 hahahahahahahaha. Thanks man :'( 
 Yeah wbu? 
 Dislike was worth that webm. 10/10. 
 Yeah I am also Australian. 
 Happy belated straya day 
 
 
Ask a boyfriend of a populair porn star anything.   semen when kissing your GF?  Your girlfriend has most certainly fucked at least 10 niggers just out of curiosity, at least mine got payed for it. 
Make me a bigger faggot 
 You already are :^) 
Not possible 
 nypa 
 This face+OP? No can do. 
 fag 
 eat shit 
 You're as big as it gets 
 Kek'd 
 Explain? 
 its the Black Veil Brides logo. A band that only edgy 13 year olds listen to because "Mom doesnt understand me, only they do" 
 Got it, thanks anon 
OP your name is Sami and your from Ohio 
 Nope , robert from hungayry 
 fuck off go back 2 reddit f@gott learn 2 read. He Sead he is a faggot, he want to be bigger faggot! Also gay emoticon, learn the supreme Japanese emotions before posting f@got  凸(｀0´)凸 
 
Hey, 4сh! What's this guy's name ? Can't remember. 
 Samuel L. Jackson you dumb fuck 
Childish gambino 
Chiwatel Ejifor 
 Andrew Bachelor 
Chiwater Ectofor 
Chewadict Ejibatch 
It's the guy from meme with pepper. 
 Troy from ''Troy and Abed in the morning''  I loved that show. 
 2012 scientist! 
 Morgan Freeman 
Nigger McShitskin 
Chewbacca Ellendegeneres 
 White people hate him, found out why on crashsafari.com 
 You can not make him angry. 
CanOfCheetos EdgyforreL 
 will smith 
 Tyrone McNuggets 
Platt 
Marian Mosby 
 Chihuahua WashmyFloor 
 Terry Crews. 
Samuel Jackson 
Tracey Morgan 
Eddie Murphy 
Billy Cosby 
How Many people have opened cs dot com The fucking keks !!!!!. 
 Monigga Macperson 
 The cozzle-fondling fozzler m'lady 
More of woman camera masturbation 
 bump 
 SAUCE P-PLS! 
Bumpp 
B U M P 
aaaaaaaand bump! 
Bump 
 his name is savannah rose or something, but the full vid never found 
 wouldn't any video of a woman masturbating"camera masturbation"? 
bumpity bump 
shes a cam whore goes by savanah roses 
 she looks like overly attached girlfriend 
bumperino 
 More like this, more like this!!!! 
  her husband is in afghansisstan or something i bet 
Can't do webm, but Google Steph Kegels. Thank me later. 
Bumperoo 
Steph Kegels. Naked and doggy style. In the library. With people clearly visible nearby. 
  
  xhamster.com/movies/5590274/girl_pl ays_in_tesco.html 
Who is an atheist here? How can i join your club guys, i tried being an atheist before but my mum said i was going to hell, can someone help now that i'm all grown up?  I tried going to your church but no one would accept me :'(   
 
 
 
 
Hello /b/!  I have travelled here from your very own future. I am from what you would call "the year 2051". Ask me anything. 
Proof it nigger 
  What would you like as proof? 
 What are the winning lottery numbers for next week? 
  There's thousands of lotteries. Want me to pick one at random? 
 Did they make anymore star war movies after episode 9? 
 Do the Muslims ever die off? 
  Yes they released two more stand-alone adventure films and announced a remake of the prequel trilogy which was set to be released in 2024. Only Episode 1 got released before the entire human civlization was geared into a wartime economy and Disney's assets were siezed by the American state. 
 Super Bowl 50 winner and score  Also, do the Bills ever win one 
 In a way, yes. By the year 2051 there are very few people of any Abrahamic religion left. 
  Does trump make america great again? 
  The Bronco's win with 28 to Panther's 20.  I'm not american, I don't know who the Bills are.  Of note is that Cubs win the world series in 2017. 
 The fucking Buffalo Bills!  Why do you remember the SB 50 score but don't know who the fuck the Bills are 
  Trump is twice elected President, in 2016 and 2020. He manages to amend the constitution allowing him to stand for another election. He does so in 2024 and wins by a landslide but is killed in 2027 by rampaging Emus. 
  I don't remember it, I'm just vexling it, Idiot. 
 Louisiana lottery. 
  Could you tell us what the emu war is and how it began? Also any communication with terrestials? 
 Thank you for confirming they still have faggots in the future. 
Why does wikipedia still look the same 
Post all Super Bowl results plz 
 Emus, kek 
What happened to Putin? 
      Samefag. I know cause I am that fag. 
  573 on the 2nd of February.    Australian experimentation with Emu's as a bio-organic power source resulted in a virus that spread across all of Australia's emu's. The Virus gave the birds flight, thought and consciousness.  The birds turned aggressive and eventually their virus spread to humans as well - weakening them and often proven fatal. This crippled the Australian state and military to a point that when the Emu's had grouped together and attacked the human, the cities fell almost instantly. News broadcast around the world of flying emus attacking people on rooftops and ripping them down to below. The military was almost helpless seeing as none of their modern weapons was geared toward stopping hordes of flying monsters of this size.  The US and Russia then tried to nuke australia but this only resulted in Australia becoming uninhabiteable and the Emu hordes spread out across the world in revenge - systematically attacking state after state until there was nobody left.  Today all humans live in one of 17 city states in Antarctica. There are roughly 500,000 humans alive in this year. 
  Despite boasting to stop the Emu's, Putin could not. In late 2027 he was shot by one of his own generals as they retreated over the urals in cars (airplane fuel having been made impossible to obtain due to the crippled world infrastructure).  The general, Streljnikov, was killed by Emus a few days later. 
Are drugs legal yet? 
  What is life all about now since society is destroyed? 
Did The Simpsons get good again? 
  Mostly survival. Almost all industry is geared toward fishing and nourishment. Emperor penguins were hunted to extinction without anyone objecting - in fact some feared the virus would affect them as it did the Emus.   No.   Not really. But we still have reruns. I saw a theater adaption last year in Nova Oslo that was ok. 
 has Rich of ReviewTechUSA finally died of cancer or diabeetus? also, do ylyl threads ever become funny again? 
How many assassins creed games is there in 2051? Have they been any good lately 
how do you talk to us? 
  I have acquired one of your laptops and am sitting on (in?) a Starbucks. 
is trump goin to be president? 
What are movie theaters like in the future? 
 I don't know who that is and my Vexl gives me no information on the subject of his death.   According to our Wikipedia entries, there are a total of 28 titles in the game series, the last of which was published in 2022. 
 Yes.   Commercial technology has progressed very little from your time. In some areas you may even say that it has regressed. There is no more 3D gimmick. However, all films are digital and most older films that were not readily available on the internet are lost in the ruins of the old world somewhere. Most of our film archives came from the internet, archaic torrent sites and such. 
 Normally a small screen and some benches (no more televisions) , there are some faggots too like OP 
  Did the great powers unite against the Emus or did they turn on each other?  Also what is life like in the Antarctic city states? Is it like the depravity of Pitcairn island but really really cold? 
 What is it like where you view them?   I only ask because I have seen parts of the future and I know that it will change. You are right about the two other star wars movies. That will happen.   What is the result of the financial crash that is currently happening? 
what about ylyl threads? do they ever become unbananaed?  also, does 4chan/newmoot/an hiro ever leak it's users personal info? 
  What is the dominant language of the Antarctic City States? And the dominant religion? What is the ethnic makeup like? 
  Yes, the entire world united more or less. However, NATO and Russia never formed a unified command because they did not want to share military secrets. Russia and China cooperated more to a limited extent but China was amongst the first to fall after Australia and their population was amongst the hardest hit by the virus.  India and Pakistan are an example of two countries who, despite the odds, actually joined together in a defacto alliance. Many think this is because they feared that the quick fall of China was a sign of things to come to them (which it was).  Life here is harsh and constantly cold. Most of the buildings are either converted warehouses or built just as simple as them. There is little discerning a residential area from an industrial area, since resources are scarce everything is built as simply as possible. Medicine is limited and healthcare has regressed but considering the knowledge is still there we have not regressed to medieval levels. There is money but few have it. There are almost no rich people - and even they aren't very rich. everyone works from the age of 14 and you usually work 50-60 hours a week at a minimum. Almost all work is to sustain the City state.   The cinemas are, like I stated above, just like warehouses with chairs in them. They are not very comfortable but they are one of the few distractions from the harsh life we live so they are adequate.  The financial crash will see the government once again bail out the banks albeit with harsher terms. Once again, the banks will ignore them and the cycle will begin anew. Had not the Emu wars hit, another financial crash would have been just around the corner. 
  No way Canada survived 
 YLYL were never funny to begin with so I can't answer this question to a degree that would satisfy you. But the bananas never disappear (but they mostly move to /ck/). As for the new Owner his information was never leaked and he will only be the owner for another 2 years anyway.   The dominant language to communicate between city states is English as in the pre-war world. However different city states formed from research stations owning to different countries, so there are:  American, English, French, Norweigan, Russian, Chinese, Chile, New Zealand and Argentina.  Since each city state formed from one research station, the ethnic groups are largely drawn along the lines of these nations. It's a bit more complex of course, but that's the general answer. 
Is the rest of the world inhabited by the emus still? Have they taken over the cities and running a society or is it just emu anarchy? Does the virus effect any other animals? How do you know there aren't any other surviving humans out there? 
vi ne devus diri tion... 
  Nova Oslo is in Antarctica. It's coordinates are -72.010422, 2.546991 
  While sentient, the Emus have shown no desire to organize into anything we'd call a society beyond "tribes". They do not cultivate the land and have not developed their own culture - the way we call culture anyway.  We don't know exactly how much of the world is dominated by Emu's today. Emu activity is still sighted in most of Europe, all of Africa, the warmer parts of Asia and America. They do not seem inclined to stay in colder areas for very long.  Most bird species were affected to some degree by the virus but not to any greater extent. None showed aggressive tendencies as the emus did but some species developed flock like characteristics - almost like that of wolves. Eagles and Hawks have been seen flying in great flocks, for instance.  We don't know that there are no other survivors, all we know is that we do not have any contact with anyone else. We currently have nothing that we deem safe to send up north to investigate say northern Canada or Alaska - although the possibility of human life up there is possible and some would even say probable. 
why brazil is belligerent ? 
 have you tried reverse engineering the virus to become deadly to the emus? also what medical technology remains in the future? 
 More or less all medical knowledge remains but little technology. It should be said that we don't know what caused the Emu strain to make them evolve into sentient beings. Furthermore,for obvious reasons, viral research (and most of all engineering) is considered taboo today. It's possible that this can be done but nobody has tried and nobody would fund it.   Brazil fell to the emus just as the other nation states. 
 if the emus dislike the cold have you tried to create a global dimming effect to increase the area of land that is really cold and so create more land for yourselves? 
How do we know you are not one of these emu fags? 
  This is way beyond or technological and industrial capabilities.   Why would I warn you against my own people? 
 so you're telling us about this emu war. is there anything we can do to save ourselves and prevent it? 
if you are from the future then how would you communicate with us from the present 
  There weren't even a million emus, versus all 8 billion of the human race, and if they can't form anything beyond tribes how could they organise their army efficiently enough to defeat an enemy ten thousand times larger than them in numbers? 
 Just by telling you all of this I have altered the future. To what extent I don't know. But one can only hope this information finds itself into safe hands.  This is also not the only message board unto which I am planning to leak information. 
  what this guy said, how can you communicate with us? 
  I explained this briefly in this post       I explained this briefly in this post   
 I don´t know maybe you are trying to give us false information about your plans so we help you when you are trying to conquer our earth or something like that. 
 Thats great, enjoy their shit-tier coffee. Our general point is how did you come to be sitting in a starbucks in our time? 
What was the Relation between fish and plastic in the ocean in 2051? 
Answer our questions you fuckin emu spy faggot! 
 Top kek image you have there. Quess I'll start choosing sides right away. Gonne fly to aussie and befriend me some emus. 
 How much power cars in the future will produce? And what is faith of europe? 
  In the future time travel is theoretically possible but it is a one way street. We have the technology to send back people into the past but we cannot do it with accuracy. The reason I say theoretically is because in the future, if we send someone back, we're not really sure how we would perceive the creation of a new timeline. That is, we're not sure if our time travelling agents are succesfull or not - how could we measure such a thing to a degree of certainty?  I cannot explain the technology to you for two reasons  1) I don't understand it myself.  2) Since we view time travel as the one thing that can save our society we are also very protective of it's origins. Thus we are not allowed to bring the knowledge of time travel into the past, for fear that this would put it's existance into jeopardy.  But it isn't an easy process by any stretch of the imagination and I am not aware at it's activation. I was put to sleep and woke up here. As a time traveller I am still not sure if I am really in 2016 or if this world I see is a dream that my mind has created from memories of films I have seen created in this era.  However there are more fat people around than in any films I have ever seen so I have deemed it to be probable that I am indeed awake and in the year 2016. 
   I am not an Emu and where I come from that is a grave insult.   How much power? I'm not sure I understand the question. But in any sense, our cars are not advanced at all and run on oil mined and refined here in Antarctica. Most cars are older 2020's models that we have salvaged from shipwrecked cargo ships that were drifting around the sea.  Europe is in ruins and everyone is dead. That is the short answer. 
How did One Piece end.  Please explain in detail! 
  Not knowing about the first emu war  
Does America or Isis get destroyed? 
  It got a prequel spin-off called Rogers, that's all I know. I'm not even sure it ended the wikipedia page on it is incomplete. 
 I don´t believe you. Prove you´re not an emu! Also did valve gift us with Half Life 3? Was it good? 
 Why were emus so agressive towards humans? 
  ISIS is "destroyed" the same way you view al-Qaida is "destroyed". That is their numbers are decimated until they are no longer newsworthy. 
Why are you a faggot? 
how shitty is europe now with alle the isis 
When does Paul McCartney die? 
  Hold up I am going to take a picture.   We don't know. We can only speculate. One theory is that the Emu's were targeted for their meat by poor australian farmers in the late 2010's due to the financial crash. This memory lingered in the Emu's long enough for them to exact their revenge only a few years later. The war turned worldwide when nukes were involved. 
  17th of June, 2019. 
Any major deaths happ-ening this year OP? 
   Also, there is never a Half-Life 3. But Half-Life 2 gets an Episode 3. 
 You could be wearing a skin suit 
What is the current population 
 What id your smartphone,OS and app for 4chan? Give us pics of it and screenshots 
 So you are in Europe right now? 
 What date is it in your time currently? 
  From my point of view, it's hard to tell who's major and who's not in pop culture, seeing as to me they are all just a list of names. But here's a few that are listed on our wikipedia:  Stephen King Alan Rickman Diego Maradona Christopher Plummer Hayao Miyazaki David Bowie David Dinkins 
 The same as yours   Yes.   I don't understand the question?   Roughly 500,000. 
 OP you fucked up your story with that pic of date and time. It's same time here where I am (14.26 atm), eurobro 
  So? I am currently in 2016? 
 why did this fuckup his story? 
 You clearly didnt actually read anything here 
 Yes, you are in the year 2015, also, hot pockets... are they still in your time? 
 *2016 
  I vexled hot pockets and no they do not exist where I come from. 
 Also, you are telling us how bad situation is with humanity, technology etc. So how did you manage to contact us from the future? You could think of a better story before posting here. 
Are there any aliens? How did you survive the emu war and how did it kill most of the population? 
 Vexled? 
 How are you "vexling" 
 I am not contacting you from the future, I am contacting you from your present.  I have however travelled from the future.  Also, as I explained earlier, time travelling is the one thing we believe can save our species and thus this is common ground for all of the city states. 
WHO ARE THE RUNNERS FOR PRESIDENTS? 
 
The movie Regression is on Putlocker, so I said "fuck it, might as well, might see some Hermione tits" but no such luck. The entire plot was poked with more holes than a collendar, Emma Watson's American accent broke more than an elderly Asian driver and Ethan Hawke looks older and more wrinkled than a California raisin. Seriously, 2nd worst movie I've seen in my entire life. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hi guys, femanon here. I really think I look like Marilyn Monroe, what do you guys think? 
le tits now 
Sexy black women 
that's supposed to be sexy..? 
 bestiality is disgusting 
absolutely nobody can beat master chief prime and master chief can beat anyone as well but prime can kill everyone at the same time u know wut im sayin 
!Best destination for drug tourism 2016!  In other words, which place is easiest to get and do drugs. 
Post revolution Egypt is the place to be 
North Korea 
 Brazil 
 portugal 
how unique guys you are! 
I am from Portugal and it is easy to get it 
 Your own home.   
 post portugal tits for proof 
 What site would you recommend /b/ro? 
 Costarica 
    This v's the faggot. It's almost safer just to ask the crazy dude with the shopping cart 
 any kind of drugs? 
Netherlands (Amsterdam)? 
 This. After finding out about this, never using a dealer again. 
 How can I get hard drugs in Amsterdam? 
 
  Around the clubs, you will see street sellers on every corner. They will come up too you... its open as fuck! anything you want. 
Nimbin Australia, Quite literally a Hippy town selling weed etc on the street.  Great people, safe place, surrounded by rainforest and close to the most beautiful beaches in the world. 
Netherlands, curacao or any country in south america. 
 there are specials pubs with shops in in. They called Coffee Shops (for weed mostly) and smartshops (for mushrooms i belive). Iam not from Netherlands but i was there once and getting weed was the easiest thing in the world p Some drug dealers also will try to sell you drugs on the street but there are some goverment sings that you shoulnd do this because you dont know what u get (some people end in hospital because they snorted heroin as a coke) 
 so wrong dude, only in Uruguay is legal. Any other country have DEA like police. 
Is it easy to score in the Philippines Manila? And what can you score? 
 rugby solvent 
prague 
 Seriously I know they have meth but I'm not a fan of that shit do they have blow or opiates 
 Can I ask you why? 
 I heard that there is a guy who can make DMT. you know about that? 
 you're allowed to have a lot of drugs with you, without facing legal action, you get drugs everywhere for a decent price/quality, fucking everything is cheap af (hookers, alcohol and most important, food) and its just a very nice city.  also czech girls, absinth, beer. 
 
 
Describe reddit in one sentence 
Stormfront 2.0 
uncensored 9gag 
 I don't agree with your post so I will delete it secretly in hopes no one will find out 
A useful website but generally very liberal, otherwise great for content and conversation on your niche interests but that's about it default subs are cancer. 
Oh god make it stop! 
Reddit is an entertainment, social networking, and news website where registered community members can submit content, such as text posts or direct links, making it essentially an online bulletin board system. 
 What a misogynistic world we live in 
 Bernie Sanders! Luuullzzz hehe I'm a high school faggot who dosnt know anything about politics, but I am now 18 and can vote!! Bernieeeeee xD p :DDD 
 4chan wanna be! 
A site not as bad as this website makes it out to be, yeah, the big subreddits are fucking cancer but a lot of the smaller ones are good for when you can't find a certain thread on 4chan. 
I DID NAZI THAT COMING 
 Reddit: A competitor of 4chan    
 Reddit mod 
 Are you fucking stupid? Do you not see just how fucking retarded reddit is with all its liberals, feminists, SJWs, censorship, and power tripping mods 
 This.  I was here for 4 years before I went to reddit, but I got banned for a week for something so I got bored and checked it out. It's not bad. Obviously I still prefer /b/ but reddit isn't the shitty shit I expected. You just gotta dig for the gold sometimes. Like here, only with less penises everywhere. 
 Edit: rip inbox  Edit: Thanks for the gold kind stranger! 
 And puns 
should i buy this for $3000? 
Pretty fucking expensive for a picture 
$3000? $5000! 
if you have to ask then the answer is no 
 I would. Cannot go wrong with an apollo 
 I'm really just showing off my soon-to-be new toy. 
The pedals are all fucked up They are supposed to be 180 degrees from each other 
 OP check your local classifieds man, AFOAF got a decent bike that was obviously stolen for 350 
 It doesn't come with pedals lol 
 maybe he can change it, if the price for the bicycle is all right. 
 My city is small enough that I fear running into the owner.  I'm buying from a store that sells new and used so I'm going to go through all the used options in the spring when people tend to trade in their bikes. 
       Pls OP this is everything I need right now. 
 I didn't know there were blacks on /b/ 
giant trance 3 is where it's at. 
 ahaha fair reason, GLHF with the purchase man, i know how you feel at the moment 
 Don't do that, Karma is a bitch. 
 Can you tell me why, in detail? I like the price. 
Best purchase of my life was my bike. 
 What kind of bike do you have? 
will it really be faster or more comfortable than a $500 bike? 
 Buy nice or buy twice. 
  We are everywhere you dipshit. Around the corners, at your back doors, inside your girlfriends... 
 sure, but $3000 is not the sweet spot. nice if you can get it, i guess. 
 There's one black guy in Guelph and his name is Winston 
 (the bike is a gift and $3000 is my budget)  I'm putting some money of my own, too. 
 What gearset is on it? 
 I'm not sure what that means. 1x11? 
 
 
 
nonononononnononononononononononono nonononononononnonono 
This is all our fault.  Thoughts? 
  Yes, western beauty ideals have led to this.. 
Polar bears are evolving into Ghost bears, i see no problem here 
Looks very... shopped. 
   Its not shopped, its reality. Polar Ice is melting at an unseen rate, even in winter, when the ice should re-grow, the ice was melting, as never seen before. 
 you understand that during North American winter, the sun shines more toward the south correct? 
 well pictures like this could be taken with or with out global warming, u think without global warming no polar bear would ever get sick and die? 
that's what you get for over specialising. it's a risk. the species knew what it was getting into. no tears now. 
 There could be other health reasons why they look like that. But, if it is someone's fault, it's the Chinese.  They are the single largest polluter on the planet, and they are also the largest buyer of polar bear fur in the world. 
 Very sad 
Humanity is going to die. It's like cancer that grows the earth, it increases at an incredible rate until the host (the earth) is dying. 
 We'll kill the earth and move on to Mars before we die 
 The world changes, doesn't matter who's fault it is. Things die and other things take it's place. The earth isn't even supposed to have ice caps, so these bears only should exist when we are in an ice age. Polar bears are awesome, but so were t-rex and dodo birds, I'm sure. Humans will all be dead eventually, earth will remain, and finally all the vegans will be at peace. 
im home alone getting drunk on australia day whats everyone else up to 
I love fapping to my sister. Rate her /b/ 
Nose/10 
10/10 would incest again 
She has no eyebrows.... 
 Bailey j fucked katie perry and this troll was birthed during a blood moon/10 
Good I was tired of this other pic of her... 
Id love it if she gave me a sloppy blow job, hmmm 
 Would fuck 
 she looks fucking retarded, eughhh omg 
 Much better here id diddle with my piddle 
She gets my cock hard 
 Underrated post 
  Why dont u tri to fuck her?  Just tell her, she maybe dont believe you at first, but then maybe you have luck.  Anyway if she don want to have sexy with u, she just never will tell just because of shame.  So..? 
 I can't give proper rate without soles. Let's have them. 
 She is hot OP post moar as I wish to fap to her too 
 He's already a closet lowlife for being a closet sisterfag. No need to show that to the family. 
 I want to fuck her throat 
 Stop send shity girl faggot 
 OP if you are too much of a pussy to fuck her send me details and I will fuck her and film it so you can watch 
   poast some of her in stockings 
 You wanna jerk off to her together? I have skype. 
 She remimds me of krysten ritter 
Sister thread den? Pic related 
 Any nudes, spycam pics? 
 nudes now ! She looks like she would enjoy wincest 
 Don't have any lol 
 My sides 
 Have you fucked her yet ? I bet she would be all over your cock 
 take her phone and plug it into computer copy photos post em 
She's fine as fuck, most plz 
lets see her panties! 
 There was some small fooling around when kids but im 32 and shes 28 now and dont see eachother often 
 We dont live together 
 faggot 
 You should contact her and suggest meeting  She is the type |I can tell 
 send her a nood by accident post results 
 This, send cock pic 
 This 
  She seems like the kind of person who wouldn't give a fuck if you this 
 It's possible with rape 
I never had a sister. What makes you want to bang your own. Is it that they are sluts and you want a piece too? Is it because no other girls look at you? Are you in love? Btw id fuck both of your sisters. 
 Not either of the two guys who posted there sisters but id fuck the shit out of my sister, its a taboo thing I guess but my gf is down with roleplaying so I'm good 
 would your sister flip out if she knew you looked at her that way? 
 Probably yea but she's always been uptight about sex in general 
 Would fuck missionary with her feet in the air, so that on every thrust, those gigantic heels act as a counterbalance and make her legs sway. 
 she be more uptight if you put your dick up her butt 
get out of you house and find a girlfriend stop watching game of thrones 
billions of girls and your into your sister wtf 
 No 
 Ayyy 
I think we know what time it is..... 
sure do faggot 
No no I don't know what time it is. 
How does it work? 
roll 
 No April O'Neil, no roll! 
Roll 
 noo o 
Wolfjob Thread? 
 one more chance 
roru 
käärin 
roll 
 06 get 
 fuuuuuck 
rlrllr 
rollin 
rollin 
Roll 
rollin 
 relling 
Rollerino 
rollinnn 
Rolllll 
rolls 
roll 
rolllll 
Rawl 
rerollin. 35 year old latina aint doing it for me 
I dont want to play... 
 
Roll 
no 
 rawl 
roll 
 Fuck it. 
lets do this 
Roll 
 roal 
Roll 
 rolll 
d100 
Rolll 
 Roll 
roll for gud fap 
roll 
 Roll 
roll 
yes we do 
roll 
roll 
Roll 
 rollo 
Roll. 
op is a faggot 
Rollio 
Fekking rell 
oo 
Rollin 
 roll 
 Roll 
nah 
Rolling down the river 
Rollio 
roll 
fappy 
ffp 
:D 
 give me a good one king wally 
rollll 
 Ruller 
 reroll i dont like her 
 fucking dont like asians either. I want holly 
R 
Dubs check'em 
Roll 
roll me 
and again 
finally, i can start my day 
roll 
okay 
r 
Roll 
rawl 
need a keeper 
rollin 
k 
roll  *cries at the state of life* 
Roll 
lolll 
 and roll 
Rollin 
roll 
roll 
roll 
fine, if I have to 
roll 
Rolls 
roll 
roll 
Roll 
I'll roll 
 roll 
roll 
FUCK. 
  DON'T LIKE TACOS. RE-ROLL. 
Rolllinnnggggg 
roll 
roll 
rollin 
roll 
rollin rollin 
Rull 
 roll 
roll . 
Roll 
rolling 
kjf 
Roll 
 This 
reroll 
Rollin 
Roll 
Roll 
Roll? 
Rolll 
69? 
... 
Rolllllll 
Roll 
fucking rollies 
Rollo 
i'll have a BLT in a roll bun 
RolI 
Roll 
Roll 
Roll 
ghkjg 
 roll 
Reroll 
jkhgkjf 
Reroll 
,vknvkjgv 
 Roland 
Roll no skinny bitches pls 
Rolo 
Plz 
Roll 
Roll 
 rooooooooooooll 
Roolll 
roll 
 fuck 
Roll 
fuck all yous 
 rolo 
R 
 r o l l 
Roll 
Reroll 
rollz 
Rolls royce 
RAWLLAN 
. 
wow none of them are attractive except for 90 and 92 
ayy lmao 
Rollin 
 rollin 
Rollll 
roll 
rolll 
trolling 
roll 
Roll 
rollin 
rool 
 ok 
rololololol 
 re roll 
Rearoll 
roll 
rollah 
rollies 
plz 
roll 
roll 
Roll 
 r0ll 
Roll. 
 roll 
ss 
 they see me.... 
 rollo 
I think i shat out some of my stomach lining you fucking faggots 
Looks like a nigger dick 
 might be colon plaque??   lol 
 
 
/b/  I feel a need to be religious but holy fuck, all religions are unconvincing as fuck. How do I into religion without deluding myself? 
You don't. Become agnostic. 
 Their holy books will make you believe in god, they use your insecurities and primal fears against you to convert you. Read them and you'll see 
 why even religion 
 Same OP, If my life goes to shit I need something I can rely on and believe.  Just turn into a muslim and join ISIS, free guns, bombs and vagina 
 could you just be philosophical instead? buddhism has some parts that are quite reasonable 
 Buddhism. But maybe cut the crap with reincarnation and karma first, if you're not comfortable. 
  Let me know if you find the answer to that question  I'm in the same boat 
 /thread 
   Spot whitey!  Don't worry, just a joke. I'm white too, just like all the rest of us. But seriously Buddhism is so popular with old white men who can't roll a joint any more because they have been ravaged by Parkinsons disease... 
   You dumb fucks, the Bible isn't the Necronomicon. If you think a book is something to be afraid of then you are absolute peasant-tier 
Do you want to practice it alone?  If so, become a badass motherfucking Jedi. 
   Scientology 
 why do you want to into religion? you want a group to belong to? you want someTHING to believe in?  how about humanism? 
 You cannot.  All religions are delusional.   God is a superstition. 
   this kills the /b/ 
Try looking into the Once Saved Always Saved denomination of Christianity.   It isn't based on Fear mongering or "burn or turn" its about the love and the good news of Jesus.   I know it might not be a popular thing to say around here but if you have a calling look into it before casting judgement. 
 i don't get it 
All you need to do OP is allow the Lord JESUS CHRIST to enter you and fill you with his warmth. 
 A big part of it is participation. If you want it to 'feel' real, spend more time around other Christians. Go to Church and bible study - eventually it starts to be the new normal.  It is a mistake to think of it as an intellectual exercise. Part of it is the willing suspension of disbelief - or faith. That is easier to do when you are heavily embedded in that world.  It's why most religions encourage group meetings. 
  You can't, ya daft cunt. Religion is a comforting lie. If you can't accept the lie you can't be religious. 
  Mm, he entered me and filled me with his warmth just last night. Shit was cash. 
Thanks for the answers but I'm not sure I could plunge into any of this, expect maybe Buddhism, but I'd rather one with a god(s). 
  at first i read that as look into it before judgement (as in judgement day) lol  jesus was invented by the romans in an attempt to pacify the jews.   
 how do you know? 
 you just have to believe in life, and follow your own rules write them, and fucking follow them faith is nothing religious, you can have faith in wtf you want 
 why? what's the appeal of a god? you need someone to look after you? 
 pastafarian 
 you dont choose god arbitrarily for comfort, you look for the truth and arrive at something 
 yeah probably, i think i would like someone to make me feel less alone in life. also someone who can make me feel like a good person. i am fully aware that this stems from emotion but i'd like to convince myself. 
 Why do you need to be a part of an organized religion in order to have belief in a god? There's no reason to believe any of the religious facets have their facts straight. Just try to be a good person, what else is there? 
  The same way I know that my cat isn't a bowl of potatoes and my dreams aren't real. Because I'm not a silly deluded bastard. 
  Kek 
 find a spouse for that and explore religions separately, not as a plug for some hole in your life 
  Read CS Lewis and shit  Christian Apologetics is all about that I think 
 Kek 
  i had one, now she's gone. i want that hole filled again, i want to be happy. 
 Mate you dont make any sense. Religion is about believing without questioning. It is up to you how you see this aspect of belief. You might think being dogmatic is stupid or the exact opposite. 
  Yeah I read about Narnia and it really made me accept Jesus as my personal saviour. 
 My nigga 
  
 I've never really heard about Jesus being invented lol, I am pretty sure there are accounts in other historic text of there being a Jesus. Besides the Hebrew text was well before the roman empire was established. Its like saying Obama invented Hitler or something similar. 
  I want a hole to fill too, if you know what I mean. 
Become Buddhist. No magical thinking. Only solid rules to live by which makes life easier. What you think, you will become. -Buddha 
  1/10 troll  Google CS Lewis Christian apologetics you mangy dog's anus 
 sorry to hear that, but do know that the right person can fill the hole and keep looking for him/her  religious beliefs can come as a consequence of that kind of a relationship, especially when you have kids  t. happily married christian 
 not to mention middleaged women who are "finding themselves" 
Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster. 
     Yeah it really worked too, what with their having accepted him as their messiah 
 Kill yourself then come back from the dead its the only way to really know 
 So? 
This thread is a waste of space and time. Seen there's only one correct and obvious answer 
  Are you that guy from wristcutters: a love story? Played by Gob from arrested development. 
 What if i am? 
  The middle-aged middle-class men and women are too pretentious to get into Jesus so they pursue Buddhism because it's an accepted part of 1960s white culture 
The Dominican order takes a very intellectual path through faith. They have what is called third order Dominicans, who aren't priests or brothers, for lay people to gAther in their communities and learn about their faith. Google it for yourself. 
  Then you're will arnett and I would very much like to meet you. Big fan. 
 '   Christian logic in a nutshell. 
  Yeah, nice try. I won't be tempted by one of satan's lapdogs. I believe in Narnia and the one ring, nothing you can say will shake my faith. 
  ' 
 the only cool ones are abramatic satanism, greek, roman, norse pagan etc. go have a read on some canon that you like and go from there. 
You need to find a convincing believer. I have a Catholic friend with a PhD in philosophy and theology, for every argument or refutation I've had against Christianity it literally takes him less than 2 minutes to shut each of them down.  You need to read supporting texts, from letters to doctrines to scriptures and catechisms--knowledge and information that has been created from Christ's death until today, 2000 years later.  You also need to study ancient hebrew culture, history and literature to even make a pass at understanding the old testament.  Religion is work bro. It's just that 90% of Christians are only culturally Christian and have put in 0 effort to even understand what the fuck it is they're worshipping. 
  
Buddhism 
  The Necronomicon is a FICTIONAL book you complete and total moron. Honestly, the Pope would change his opinion on abortion if he had to spend 5 minutes with you I reckon.  Just to clarify, I don't mean a fiction book, I mean a fictional book, it doesn't exist. It's a fictional book that only exists inside the story of a work of fiction. Capiche? 
   And this is what religion is all about nowadays: a lifestyle choice, presenting an image, being a poseur. People take it no more seriously that choosing a pair of jeans. 
  
       Not who you replied to, but pro-abortion arguments don't go down well with most people, religious or not. 
  Well-played, troll. But you are well aware of the difference between a fiction book and a fictional book. 
 In that case i am not 
 So a "complete and total moron" is someone unable to read your mind and complete your posts for you?  Just because Jesus was telepathic doesn't mean the rest of us are. 
 Everyone is agnostic, you don't understand agnosticism. 
 Except in your case, when it was a clear missed opportunity. 
 Nice edge mate. But if you're non-religious and wish to invoke humanitarianism, you need to respect where the human develops and comes to existence--the womb. If you can't even safeguard this part of life from sluts, whores and fat feminists then you're simply a paper philanthropist who wants to look intelligent and 'progressive'. 
  You can't get away from me that easily, will. Let's do lunch. 
 ' 
I'm atheist but Islam is so very fascinating and very misunderstood by the West. An illiterate orphan Muhammad goes on to reinvent Judaism as a unifying religious and political system that would unite all the waring tribes and religions of Arabia, defeat the world superpowers, and build an empire that would stretch from the Atlantic to the Indian subcontinent. And subsequently set the stage for modern science, medicine, mathematics, and law. 
  He could also walk on water, turn water into wine, and bring people back from the dead. He had all the best x men powers. 
HARE KRISHNA. 
   
 
 i was implying at a deeper level of conversation and relationship and by gosh darnit you baited me out. genes  please don't reproduce. 
   You're on the wrong board, m80. My view is there are too many humans in the world already, and the more we abort the better. 
 well it actually does in this day and age of mass technocratic illegal and involuntary, intrusive surveillence upon the mass citizenry of planet earth in that your thoughts are being read by government and actions are being manifested off that gathered data.  yes thats right, to stab you in the neck. 
 Sprechen Sie Englisch? 
    lol keep trying, sexy. 
 You could just get by on a beliefe system. Or maybe LaVeyan Satanism if you're after the community, They're essentially atheists who are focused on making religious inclusion in government unappealing by trying to get Baphomet statues up in government buildings that still have the 10 commandments. I've been to the wedding of a couple of LaVeyan Stanists and it wasn't serious at all, Great party. Lots of horror movie motifs and the cake looked like a goat head with cherry glaze as blood. They don't literally believe in Satan, is the thing. 
 So you're utilitarian, and you take the over-population stance, which is a valid concern. But even still, the best ethical/moral/financial solution is to avoid abortion.  Instead, do what China did, put restrictions on family numbers. Abortions cost money, for both the individual and even the taxpayer if a country's healthcare is government funded. 
   By translating and preserving ancient greek and roman texts, which were then passed onto Europe where they were studied at Universities... Universities are a product of Christianity btw  You just like Islam because morons like Trump attack it and you want to be different. If Trump went after Christianity you'd be reading the Bible...  Christianity, the religion that united all the warring nations of Europe, set up the first Universities... you can be as romantic about it was you want, it's sort of a question of perspective 
 buy investment grade bullion silver, scrap silver, Ag atomic number 47, hoard as much as you can, learn real tangible skills, being dependent enough to live off grid, opt out, own librarys, guns, ammo, self free will and critical thought, adhere to reason as god above the infantile access to whatever technology was collectively come upon by harping upon the mass ignorance of days. gone. by. 
Religion isn't about filling a whole or finding comfort or lying to yourself that you're going to heaven if you only believe in Christ.  Religious is solely the notion that there is One God that created everything, and therefore has the power to destroy it. And since He consciously make the decision not to destroy you every second, He's essentially sustaining you, every second, even though you don't deserve it(but reguadless if you didn't deserve it, He'd still be sustaining you every second because He could destroy you at any second). And for that you have to be eternally grateful.  The way to show your thanks is doing what He says.  Tldr God could kill you but doesn't so don't eat pork. 
 oh right egocentrism havent seen this before its talking to itself. good luck to both of pal  yes thats right, for one person and one person only, in your neck. 
  Nein, weiso? 
  Balls. The reason the early Muslims were so educated is because they preserved the library at Alexandria. It had nothing to do with Mohammed. 
   Sounds great 
Islam says don't have interest in your transactions, guess who would totally go out of business in a world with 0% interest... Islam asks to spread wealth and never withhold it, always look forward to give to the needy. Guess which group of people would oppose this and even deny giving what the law asks them to give.  Islam asks to abolish alcohol and gambling, which industries will totally benefit and make top money out of this decision?  Islam asks to be honest and thrive and struggle for honesty, how many media outlets, politicians, representatives, corporations, who truly admire honesty and value its fruits?  Islam treats every single human equally, ranging from the 1day old baby in a womb to every possible color or nationality to the oldest man alive, all the same.  Islam always pushes the most excellent action forward. Islam absolutely denies taking an orphan's or a girl's inheritance. Islam says Heaven is found underneath the feet of our mothers. Islam repeatedly asks us to use our brain, use our mind, think and rethink, the first word that was sent down from the Qur'an was "Read".  Islam says elect a leader through discussion and agreement. Islam says don't go to war unless it is initiated against you, and even if you're at war Don't kill a child or a mother or cut a tree or destroy a wall or lay a hand on those in their place of worship.   my advice for you,  Read the qur'an without prejudice and with a pure heart. i chapter 12 "Youssef" for the story of the prophet Joseph son of Israel, the only chapter thats entirely focused on one topic. i also recommend chapter 42 "The poets" if you want to read stories of most other prophets. chapter 31 "Luqman" if you're looking for some wisdom and advices. 
   And then ripped the continent apart again with the advent of Protestantism. 
  If you're not typing into a bad translator, then I applaud your imagination. I don't think I could seem this insane if I tried. 
 Festivus for the rest of us! 
    Kek. It's a wise man who follows his own advice. 
  Yes, it's more complicated than I suggested. The same is true of that hipster's romanticised view of Islamic history. That was my point.  Depends what you want to emphasise, history is messy. 
  Yeah Seinfeld really helped me out with my recent existential crisis. Lol memes! Cats! 
Join the religion with the biggest sluts 
 And I don't disagree with any of that. There are no sides to how history happened. Judaism was polytheistic, then Jews decided on Yahweh. Yeshua came and was called the messiah by a split of Jews now called Christians. Christian Europe was savage and dark until it was reformed, this was however after the golden age of Islam. But indeed led to European secularism. Islam has not yet had a reformation which is why the near East is as it is. 
 '  People who say things like this are retarded. Yes, I've read the qu'ran. No, I didn't become a Muslim. 
 U can't 
 was that like an insult bro did you just fuckin try to pick a fight with me over 4chan whilst remaining in anonymity simultaneously stalking me at the same time u head fucked schizophrenic criminally insane propagating piece of shit. fucking loser. 
 "Religious is solely the notion that there is One God that created everything" That doesn't describe all religion. I was raised Hindu, for example. Our creation myth denoted Vishnu laying in a timeless ocean before creation being watched over by a serpent. At the end of his sleep he beget Bhram through his navel and commanded him to create the earth before vanishing. This is taken literally by very few Hindus. My parents always described it as an allegory for the power of will or something to me. I'm not particularly religious, though. 
 Except that only crushingly authoritarian regimes like China are capable of enforcing such a law.   If your government was powerful enough to do that, you'd have much more immediate problems than overpopulation to worry about. 
 Now in handy-dandy flowchart form! 
 ' Kek. The first Sura of the Koran contains a frothing rant against the Jews. Prejudice is what you learn in chapter one ... 
 YOU DON'T BELONG HERE CUNT.  Although Islam is the religion of peace. Pic of pregnant woman stoned to death related. 
  No, bro, I don't want to fight you, I want to fuck you. 
 become a heathen 
 i dont have any daughters yet give me time and email me ur cv 
 Let's be honest here, crushingly authoritarian regimes work well. Democracy is a flawed system that opens the door to all manners of zealot, bureaucrat and corrupt official to enter government. Take a read at Plato's 'republic' for the meat and bones as to why democracy is ultimately flawed. 
 I'm just saying they're a way of getting the community of religion without having to believe one. The solid fact is that you can't fabricate conviction. If OP doesn't already have the mindset for religion he'll never truly be happy in one because the unprovable nature of it all will be nagging at him. 
 Dont follow Gods created in the image of man. Follow Gods created in the image of the energy that provides shape to the universe.   There is only 1 God The Collective. 
 just believe what you believe. 
 ur viewing it all wrong its about bait trap and switch. gods work, doing something greater then any one individual, culling that which is not 
tony bomboni god 
  So you'd be willing to bear the child of your rapist? 
   Gotta stop you there pal, that's a myth dating from the 18th century. People deemphasised medieval achievements to show their own time in the best possible light.  The truth is that progress continued in all fields throughout medieval Europe, especially academic progress 
  I'm so confused and a little scared so I'm going to stop talking to you now. Keep being wonderful. 
  kek'd 
  For a while. Before their innate conservatism and neophobia causes them to collapse in a heap.  And glossing over all the state-sponsored violence necessary to maintain them doesn't sound especially Christian, or "pro-life" ... 
 By culling that which is not, you refer to abortion? Because I'm here to tell you bud, just because the fetus is behind inches of flesh and 'out of sight and out of mind' does not mean that it is non-existent.  Besides, culling takes effort. Here's what pro-choicers need to adhere to: You have the choice to wear a condom. It takes like 2 seconds, and you can avoid forking out money for an abortion and dealing with wasting your time in and out of clinics.  Seriously mate, people who choose the latter over the former are literally darwin award candidates whose intelligence is so bereft that if they were to die the world would probably be a smarter place. 
 And I never said progress stopped. It certainly slowed enough for sand niggers to catch up. 
 Never said I was Christian. Just a non-religious who disagrees with careless abortion. 
  It depends on what you value, security or freedom. I choose freedom every time, even thought that means other people are free to be dicks. It's worth it to me. 
   driving over a hedgehog is more morally wrong than that. 
 No fucking way   This is the most euphoric thread I've ever seen 
 And another thing, western nations don't really practice democracy. They're effectively liberal oligarchies. Which, if you believe in the Iron Law of Oligarchy, is the most stable system of all. 
  On the 1% chance this isn't bait …  Unitarian Universalism (or UUism)        I'm not a UU (don't need the crutch), but for those who do (or simply have nothing better to do on a Sunday morning, UUism is the ticket. uua.org is the main website. 
i think you can believe in whatever your idea of god is without conforming to those idiotic dogmas you can find in other religions. just find some good principles to stick to and change them if they prove wrong 
   Forget about religion and just get interested in spirituality. None of the New Age stuff, though. Get into Buddhism, Hinduism spiritual practices, etc. You can practice certain things without being religious. 
  nice image. will try to remember. thanks, anon 
 Sorry, but "Jedi" is the fourth largest religion in the UK, beating out even Buddhism. 
 Potentiality. The objective fact remains, that 'organism' if left unhindered would be a living human being capable of rational thought. 
Theravada Buddhism 
 I've heard of people worshiping Lovecraft's deities. Mostly probably atheists who think it's funny, But there's always at least one person with enough baggage to buy into a joke. 
  This. And traditional Advaita Vedanta. 
 He'll probably be an arsehole, though. 
 Perfectly reasonable, Don't have an abortion.  How do you feel about condoms, though? Where's the line in the sand where "Human" happens? Mine's fetal heartbeat. 
 Nietzsche was right!  BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD GOD! 
  So what you are saying is that every religious person in the world has Stockholm syndrome? Cause what you describe sounds like psychological torture. 
  The early verses of the Qu'ran teaches that, but the later half does not. This is dishonest. You didn't even mention Mohammed in Mecca and Mohammed in Medina, it makes a difference. 
Judaism is not that bad OP. I generally hate all religions but as someone who lives in the jew land and had highly religious friends i can tell you that as far as religion goes they have the least amount of bullshit. Did you know they don't believe in heaven or hell? 
  Now thats a question... 
 Mine is when I jerked off onto my great great grandpa'a underwear when I was 14 
 Take a psychedelic you'll see what religion is. 
 Condoms are A-Okay. I generally consider the 'human' event taking place 6 weeks into pregnancy 
  No, you stupid asshole! If you impregnate your great great grandfather you'll upset the timeline! 
  Kek what a faggot. 
 Yeah they just think that "the goy" will have a less nice paradise after the messiah comes. It's a sweet deal but doesn't much incentivize you into it. Assuming all religions have the same chance of being right you improve your odds of a nicer afterlife by remaining goy and being something else. 
 that brainfuck when you realize YOU'VE been the stupid fuck all the time. 
 Is god obligatory for a thing to be called religion? 
     Let's test this hypothesis, shall we? Jewish") and a democracy at the same time   ' and I could go on for an hour …  Yeah, no bullshit there at all! 
 Haha, you're entitled to your beliefs, as am I. The only thing I've been religiously sure of is that the universe is capable of producing self aware consciousness. 
 I got a tip to you Our lady of perpetual exemption 
   Kek. Cabala is surely the most elaborate form of bullshit ever invented. 
 Mormon 
 What about medication abortions that can happen before 6 weeks? 
  An Apple if left unhindered has the possibillity to form into a fully grown and functioning tree. Don't eat apples 
 Islam is a "religion"? 
  This is inherently false. The Sumerians, Egyptians, and Greeks, set the stage for science, mathematics, medicine, and law, as we know it. The only thing Mohammed and Muslims ever truly succeeded at, was warfare. Most of the "achievements" of the "Golden Age" of Islam (Spain and Baghdad), were achieved in spite of Islam. The Muslims would invade a civilization, collapse it, but they would collect the knowledge of the civilization so that when they established a civilization they could be content with, they'd use the knowledge to help the civilization prosper. That practice ended shortly, as they began disposing of any knowledge that wasn't in or that contradicted the Qu'ran. You're either a Muslim with a bias or someone who has no thorough understanding of history.Also, they didn't "defeat" any superpowers, whether centuries ago or today. At best, they were good at short term combat, but they always lost in the long run. They also had no "empire", so I don't understand where you obtained that notion from. They simply occupied different places, but they never "built" an empire. 
 He specifically said "without deluding myself"   
 The only true path is the religion of Kek.  /pol/ recently found out that the ancient Egyptians had a god named "Kek" who took the form of a man with the head of a frog. He's the god of randomness, obscurity....etc.  As you might imagine, this lit a firestorm (because of Pepe). The theory is that god communicates with us through randomness and coincidence. If large groups of people concentrate on a similar thing, we can manifest things into existence. This is thought to be "meme magic", or our collective way of influencing the universe. Bringing things out of imagination into reality here on Earth.   The idea is that everything is a meme. The reason we created Pepe on 4chan is because we were mimicking an echo of the past, channeling the ancient god. 
  Actually, part of the true nature of consciousness, is that it is eternal. It has never been created. 
 Not really. There are spiritualists who are religion adjacent who replace the god concept with "energy" Not literal kinetic energy, or heat energy, or anything we can observe, mind. More like an ambiguous thing that makes life happen. 
 They had many empires... 
 
 If you say so, anon.   I regard you as the ultimate authority in all metaphysical matters. I want you to know that. 
 We aren't talking about politics here you dipshit. I talking strictly religion. 
  No, they really didn't. They had occupied terroties. The Egyptians built an empire, the Romans built an empire. The Muslims did not. If you invade a civilization or even multiple civilizations, and occupy them, that's not the same as building an empire from the ground up. That's what the Muslims did. I'm not saying they didn't achieve great things, they were incredibly at architecture, for example. They perfected certain forms of warfare and if they'd of gotten better at long term warfare like the Romans, and if weaponry hadn't of advanced into guns and etc, they would of eventually conquered most of the world. However, they never built any empires. Building an empire is one of the hardest and most difficult things to do, which is why there's only been a few truly successful empires throughout history that lasted more than a century. 
 Buddhism's main appeal is its LACK of pretense. 
 jew land"  This is the problem with you delusional fucks. 
 Many of the caliphates lasted more than a century.....we still call the Byzantine empire an empire when it was just a continuation of the Roman one with literally no advancements in art, architecture, medicine, math, etc 
 ...but theyll cut you like a Puerto Rican.   So we celebrate with ritualuzed cannabalism and blood drinking. Gross. 
 You don't. Religion is bullshit. 
  For real, have a look at satanism, not really what people think it is 
 make your own religion. its all the rage these days. you might even be able to get a whole group of retards following you and you can all an hero together. 
 same shit as every other religion 
  Worship Mankind as an entity and Gaia/Terra/Earth as It's Holy Ground/Temple/Cradle.  Piss all xenos off. 
 does that really work on some people? I grew up in a christian household and we had religion classes in school so I did read a lot of the bible while being bored during those classes. its just the ramblings of a bunch of madmen too conflicting to be taken seriously. no the insecurities and primal fears thing only works if a preacher systematically uses those passages. 
 not invented completly but the historical person is likely very different from the known version. many things are simply made up and conflicting with other sources. the whole christmas story is bullshit for example, made up to fit with an old jewish prophecy of the messiah being born in bethlehem. 
 to be truly, religious you should consider all religions, accept them and realise the gods that are spoken of are you, man and woman, the mother and the father, the creators of divine life itsself, created in the image of the mother and father, once you realise we are the gods we speak lf in legend, you come to realise we are trapped in this system of living, which is dulling the brains of our kids, even tge adults, who back in the day would be wise men and women with knowedge to give, now we have protected potatoes who wouldnt survive without the system, hope that gives you a little insight,   all you have been told is a lie, the last Zeus was Nikola Tesla,  and he only recreated what the ancients of Egypt had allready been done with the pyramids but more effeciently, then he died alone poor, along with the ancient Egyptians 
 Epic.  It would probably get boring as fuck though after one visit to a Jedi Academy. The long-term members would be more pathetic than anything I think. 
 approved. what bothers me the most is that pretty much all major religions are missanthropic as fuck. "original sin" some major bullshit. there are some historical interpretations of greek mythology with prometheus being worshipped for his sacrifice for the sake of humanity that are more appealing. (including prometheus being freed by herakles). 
Is there anyone here who can gift bf4? I've just been told that i have to stay inside for around 3 months, and i have nothing to play, so i thought bf4 since it really eats up your time when trying to level up all the classes.  Infinite amount of good karma for anyone who wants to help me out. Plus, i'm a fairly skilled painter, and can paint a portrait, cover, landscape, porn or whatever you want in return. 
This nigga on here once a week begging for BF4. Hacker shit who keeps getting banned.  Fuck off, nigger. 
 i've never asked for anything on any board in my life. And im not begging, i'm proposing an exchange. 
 Its quite cheap, goes on sale often. Buy it yourself? 
house arrest, op? 
   '   '    '  '     
 
Can we get a neckbeard style cockblock thread. Self blocked or otherwise is fine  I'll starr  I really only have one story, the rest I turned alpha as fuck on and hammered their vaginas.            look after my baby ples (I'll call the girl) caprice"   '  '  oh no the fat blob" I shout      sooooo caprice should we get back to it?"  sorry anon not really in the mood anymore"   She never called me back again because of my age and she also a year later turned into a fucking lesbian stud 
 
 
u know wut im sayin 
 vulnerable to artificial kryptonite, psychic abilities, quantum radiation and red stars. yeah sounds invincible to me 
 
J.K Rowling ! 
roll 
rolll 
Roll 
roll 
Rollz 
rollin 
raaawloin 
rolll 
rolllll 
 
Girl on reddit get breast cancer surgery and posts recovery pics like this, hits front page.   Thoughts? 
 attention whore 
Daaamn, look at dem titties! 
  Go back 
 Who cares? 
 Still nice tits. My penis would like to be betwixt a bosom as ample as her's. 
Gotta love some cancer titis, baby pleas 
never knew scar on tittys could be so hot   
 
 I skimmed front page and didn't see it. Could you provide a link? 
 looks like a typical reduction. usual breast cancer surgery/treatment is a monster, in short words.  of course, this wouldn't be the first time attention whores have also been lying sacks of shit. 
 it's the number one post you cuck 
 How is wanting to stick my dick between some bitch's tits autistic? 
 Kids these days.. 
 Pretty sure her boobs are crying 
 Slut. 
 also dumb 
Found a piece of vertabrae on the street today /b/, is it human? Is there any explanation for why random spine pieces are found on the road? 
 Oh my god that's a real vertabrea. WTF. 
 Yes, but there's a lot of difference between something like a cow vertabrae and a human vertabrae. Can someone help me out with identification? 
 Okay, imagine college students who had access to skeletons, cadavers, and just enough knowledge of mind-affecting drugs to be dangerous.  Med school is a thing.  I'm not sure any further explanation is required. 
What do I buy for my girlfriends 18th birthday? 
What is more gay, to fuck an guy or to be fucked by the guy? 
getting fucked. 
fucking a guy is 100% straight 
Some faggot webms would be appreciated , for reference. 
 Both are homosexual acts, dipshit. 
 yeah but homosexual doesn't always mean gay ? 
Ask her "why haven't we fucked yet?" Right now  
 Only if I get dubs 
 Don't be a puss, faggot. 
 i don't have a "her", honestly worse than when i did 
 U gay as faggot 
 Because the only girl I have contact with is my mom, and she lives in a different state anyways. 
Jeb out of fucking no where! 
'     Thanks /b/ 
 At least you know what's wrong now 
 Hahahahha 
 Yeah, I knew I was a fat loser, but I wasn't aware of the smell. I shower every week and I always use Drakar Noir. 
  Explains a lot 
  well there is your problem 
   You know you're gonna sweat like a pig all day long, take a shower every morning you dumb fatass. 
 KEK 
  I have bad flaky eczema and the doctor says showering too much makes it more inflamed. He also said most people don't need to shower every day. 
 "we broke up 4 months ago anon" 
   do you wanna smell like a greasy wog m8? 
 Well he is right that most people don't need to shower everyday, but fat people tend to sweat a lot more than the rest. Other than that I skip shower every once in a while and never smell nothing else other than perfume 
 Your doc probably loves the bad smell because he likes boys. 
 asked her ' ' 
 He needs his license revoked. if you dont shower daily your fucking nasty 
 Accpetance is the first step towards change 
 I bet you use shampoo and conditioner and special testicle lotion like a good consumer, right? 
"You live in Texas" 
 no actually, showering daily removes all the useful oils in the skin,  especially hot showers, they'll dry out your skin and make it easier for bacteria to penetrate  you only need to shower once every 2 - 4 days, if theres a part of you that needs cleaning then you can sponge that part down 
'  ' 
  Rollin'. 
 DO IT FAGGOT 
     youtube  /watch?v=hmj_G6VxgT4  /watch?v=2K8O3VYbhNQ  inb4  
 kek 
  This is what fat people actually believe. 
True 
 you're goddamn right i do. 
 Waiting for response bumpity 
Don't die thread 
' ' 
Bump 
 Kek, solid reasoning 
        welp 
 So how do you explain being a kissless virgin at your age!? 
  Ask why you cant mash them together 
 Cause she has a fucked up hymen and she's going to see a gynecologist for it. 
 She needs a big nigger dick to open that hole up. 
 She's never taken a dick so that's the problem. Her hymen is basically a thick strip of skin dividing the vag making basically two small holes, you can get a finger in there fine but anything bigger and it's too big. Needs to be surgically removed. (She has a sepatate hymen.) 
 Is that what she told you? 
 Naw I can literally feel the two openings so I believe her. 
 Does the other opening smell like shit? If so, that's probably her asshole. 
 kek Smells like pussy to me :^) 
 kek 
 Apexzoz 
the answer wasnt good  
 Post pics you faggot 
 
So I randomly found the girl I had my first kiss with in a set of porn gifs. She must have a stave name because I can't find the video, though. Dubs and I post a screen shot of the gifs I found of her. 
 don't care 
 
I found my English teacher once 
 She was my first kiss and almost my first real gay experience. 
I found the gifs, isn't anyone interested? 
Yes please 
 Let us see 
Her stage name is Holly Hendrix 
I'm searching eryday for an apartment to buy. I got 150K euros but I can't find shit. Any tips /b/ros on location ? Price ? 
Halp, I'm french btw but any advice on buying an apartment is more than welcome. 
you could get one that isn't in a city  but home ownership isn't really as great as you think it is 
 Tan a lot, have your wife/gf wear a birka, say allah akbar and guaranteed cheap housing and placement. 
I'll certainly do that, as I will work as a freelancer I don't need to be in a city. What you mean by isn't really as great as you think it is ? I know it's not heaven but it's still better than paying a fucking rent nah ? 
You don't buy an apartment you rent one. You buy a condo. 
 dat pic  TOP KEK O P  K E K 
 Pls tell me more about that. 
Just move to the UK, Faggit 
 there are continuing costs to a home whether you rent or own. Living in a condo you'll have property taxes and condo fees (may as well be paying rent). And instead of having a landlord breathing down your neck you'll have the strata association enforcing any bullshit rules they come up with. 
 I could, I don't really care about living in France. But why UK ? It's even more expensive than France. 
 Yeah sure you pay too when you are the owner, but wat do then ? You kinda need a place to sleep and work.  Thanks to all for help btw. 
 if you can find a great deal on a home that's nice and in a place you actually want to live and there are no other catches, then that's great.  Just, personally, I bought an inexpensive first home that didn't meet all that criteria and I've got mixed feelings about it. There are definitely advantages to renting that I didn't realize until I owned. The best living situation I've been in was renting a home and paying my rent with a passive income earned from invested money. 
Cumming hands-free... any ideas/methods?  (Pic unrelated but caused many cums) 
fuck 
Blow yourself 
 bump bump bump 
 Sit on a giant rubber cock.  Or  Use an estim 
 Have sex 
 True! 
 
/b/ does my life suck?         
unplug your computer until you find a constructive hobby or a job instead of being easily manipulated into collecting fake things in video games 
 I didn't ask for life advice. I asked if my life sucked or not. 
 Are you me? 
 nvm, not a virgin.  Yeah, your life sucks.. sorry man 
 what rs version you play? 
 tfw only had my dick sucked 
 osrs 
 total lvl? 
+ hours a day do you ever go outside? 
 Rekt,   And no OP your life as a basement dweller is fine just make sure to wash yourself every now and then 
 wtf is this 
 For playing as much as I do, its insanely low. A lot of bank standing and xp waste. Total is about 1450? 
 Only if I need to or want to. I only want to if i'm sick of playing tbh. 
anyone rsps? 
 Whats Your in game name? I'll add you and meet up /b/ro 
 I shower for 30 minutes each day.  I brush my teeth shave my nuts and face each day. 
 Bologna Pony 
Yeah it sucks OP. You'll die playing runescape surrounded by piss bottles. Enjoy 
   Replied to the wrong motherfucker  My total is abit over 1980. 
  Add me, Vulyem 
 I don't piss in bottles sadly. 
sell your gold dickhead. then you wont wanna play and can waste time on /b/ instead 
 
 
Trips name my AWP Asiimov 
AWP | Asiimov  CSGO is the shittiest game ever. Overated as fuck 
AWP | Asiimov 
Cucklord 
  Creative as ever 
 Nigger Faggot 
 minecraft gamer 
awp asiimov 
  Have to agree. I even own the fucking game.   Multiplayer, has to be TF2. rockets and jumping. 
Mommy's Credit Card 
Lord Faggot II 
  It's a good money waster 
 Cuck faggot ass licker 
\/\/ 3 \/\/ |_ /-\ |) 
DICK THE BIRTHDAY BOY 
ILoveHillaryClinton 
 I fucking won 
 Trips you nigger 
 Used to play, but cheating became a real thing. Absolutly no fun.   TF2, very little cheating.  I played 1.6 back at the turn of the century. Used to play in Korean internet cafes, 60 pc lan. the room packed with kids all on the same server. (no internets like today, fuck, I play using a 4G phone as my connection). 
  AWP | Assburgers 
 I've only ever played TF2 once and I didn't really get into it. CS is more of a game that I play with mates but yeah I have to agree with the amount of cheaters/derankers you find 
autism.org 
Jew 
go 
 
 
 
 
 
Best gaming experiences Recent one (few minutes ago):       
   
Tell me /b/ what is currently bothering you the most?? 
Self bump. I want to an hero but too much of a coward to actually go through with it. 
 A bad headache. 
 Take some panadol and gtfo 
 my dick is never satisfied and I want a cigarette but I dont wanna go downstairs cause its cold outside and Im gonna die someday and none of this will have mattered anyway. 
 A particularly sore throat 
 How is it never satisfied? like honestly. Keep pulling off or you get shit teir head? 
(1) no job (2) no gf 
 Probably from all those wangs you deepthroat scraping on your tonsils you faggot 
 Truth. 
 This 
No gf. 36yr old in 5 months never had one. Don't know why I keep going on. 
i admit suicidal thoughts and nobody seems to care. it actually makes them distant. this saddens me. on top of work at 8 am i just dont know how to cope 
For some reason today on the exercise bike I couldn't get half my regular distance nor speed that I managed just 4 days ago. Also wondering whether I am ever going to be able to get a girlfriend. According to a friend who is a girl but is lesb, my biggest problem is my absolutely terrible and robotic personality. 
 Do what I do man, Drink away those thoughts. Sure they come up every two days or so but just find something your interested in to keep your mind off it 
 Trying to come up with something to stop talking to my catfished gf without looking like an ass 
 It's begun bothering me lately that I'm overweight. Since it's bothering me though I've begun not being a fucking useless fuck and got my arse up to work that shit off again. Fatness is annoying, but at least I can do something about that shit. 
 Instead of an exercise bike why not an actual bike? Gets you out and about get to see nature and other peoples shithole households 
  you bitch.  you think robert scott bitched for cigarettes when he led his expedition to the south pole? no, he got out of his bed and smoked his damn cigarette. who cares if it was his second expedition, the one he died in because he was satisfied with his cigarette.  get off your lazy ass, you lazy bitch. 
 Good work bro, Being fat sucks ass. Get in shape and slam sluts ay 
the girl i want to be with gets with other guys where i decline other girls, my dad constantly gives me shit and my mates dog me after i try and organise shit with them for australia day   whatdo 
 the fact life isnt inhabited by an uninhibited me and 99 13 year old prime gymnists with skinny booties and fat pussy lips 
 youre right ima go smoke a cigarette. 
  you're going to listen to a girl who is in direct competition (for women)? 
 Do what I am doing for Australia day, Replying to anons trying to forget I got left out by every cunt. And mate if shes gonna fuck everyone but you, Fuck the dog slut man. Find some shitbag and slam her instead. problem solved. 
 panadols the rough shit smoke dope instead u clueless cuckwit 
 I've went from a super active job to a new job the past year in which I sit on my arse most of the day.   My intake has not changed despite my ridiculously lowered activity. Of course I'm gonna end up a fat fuck before long if I continue.  Getting back into it is hard sorta, but shit, once ya back into the habit, you love the shit out of it. 
 So edgy 12yo smoking durries. Neck yaself 
That my qt3.14. 14 year old girlfriend is on the other side of the country currently so i cant slam her   
 i dont want to fuck sluts, i want to fuck the one that i think is actually right for me though yknow. I'm just sick and tired of the same bullshit 
 Exercise to cope with lack of active shit? 
 nice trips and we have an agreement. 
       ' reason" to not see me again  
 Thats what I'm doing now man. Silly me didn't really think about it at the beginning. 
  I'm your man anon, we should marry... 
 There is heaps of woymn to root and be right with. find someone else dude. I had ''the one'' and she turned out to be a dog cunt who fucked half of queensland 
 I broke up with my gf after she constantly lied to me and it was really affecting my mental health/ if its fucking you up, it is truly better in the long run for you to end it 
 Leave her, Find someone else. She sounds like shes got someone else herself sorry to say bro 
 everything feels right though other than this, i've never felt liek this with any other woman if you get me 
 5 months is nothing you bitch 
21 y/o virgin  going on a 4 day trip with a girl (who I hardly know) to Amsterdam in March. I quite like her and I'm not too sure if she likes me. Mixed signals everywhere. 
 Op faggots who never deliver. 
 These things happen I don't blame you. 
   Why you such a cuck  Just find a new "right" girl 
 Least you got something right man. Everyone of you fuckers that have a cunt gf or bitch your head over heals with has to listen to this cunt right here. Got ya head screwed on anon 
 Oh wait you meant ur turning 36 in 5 months. Excuse me. Thought I meant no gf in 5 months 
 Like I said before dude, Been there done that. Eventually someone will come along to wash that bitch away. 
Video games have no magic anymore. Nothing is new and online gaming makes it worse. I sit in the above average area of skill where most people look like retards but I'll never be among the best. It's lonely in that spot. 
cant stop thinking about her. 
 No serious job, living with my parents, no gf, low income, little to no exercise.  Although i am tall and naturally well build and the reason i have no gf is that i broke up recentrly,  I finished my masters in Structural engineering so i am searching for a good job  and the moment i find a job i ll say goodbuy to my parents 
 Play it cool, Don't be a fag and you may get a root out of her man. 
 nothing to brag about, for atleast 3 months i told myself itd be fine even after the people closest to me told me how stupid i was. I guess it just takes one significant event to make it click in your brain that you're blind 
 Yes, prob why he has robotic personality. Get in touch with fun and nature to let your soul fly 
Immigrants. Immigrants everywhere. 
i may or may not be falling in love with my friend's ex, who is 100% not into me, which we've both established. i want to keep her as a friend so i probably wont pursue or anything because i think i'm just really happy to have a friend. 
 Yeah no gf ever. I could handle 6 months. 
                 Get out faggot 
 Continue... The above are true however if i have to go deeper my real problem is that my family is kinda poor and i feel obligated to contrubute any way i can so, now i am working for a year and ia m paying most of the bills for... 
 Trying too man. Fucking, when she booked everything I wasn't too arsed about getting laid or anything, she booked a few months ago and I never even thought she was interested until a few friends said she probably is. I just figured she was being nice because I had weed so I just overlooked everything.   who the fk is this cunt like m8 
 Just stop gaming for a while. Thats what i do when it stops being fun, pick up another hobby for a bit and eventually youll get the itch to play again. 
 not sure what you're talking about but happy invasion day fucker. I wore a torn up abo flag on my back to resemble thrashing your arses when we got here. 
 Most people don't tell themselves the same thing you tell yourself thats what I meant 
 Talk to girls online. Fuck. Tons of bitches in your area are desperate af. 
  I know, all my friends tell me this but I can't  And why? why would a nice person like her would do this to me? I'm almost sure something happen and she prefer stay away than telling me but I need to know, why would you tell someone you love him more than you love anyone and just leave like this 
 the bills for my old but really hardworking parents, and i am afraid i ll have to do so for a long time nad even with a better job i ll have little to no personal growth or freedom financially at least - so no car....no motorbike....no cool house...stuck with the same cardrobe for 5 years...health related cost are cut down to minimum (dental etch) so i am feel a bit lost regarding what i ll do in the future 
Don't beat yourselves up about it. Or the hopelessness will keep piling up. Be more like this guy 
 I know the feel anon the feels... 
I want to play video games but I also want to post here, also my ps+ subscription is ending soon, there's this beautiful actress that died last month, thinking if I should watch a movie of her or not. Also I had to pay for the cable because mom didn't have money. 
 Checked and some fag said the OP is not replying when I replied to as much as I could.. 
 ah that's better to have context. lol 
Liquid shits 
 Because women either think that they can't tell you and hide it from you so that they dont hurt you, even thogh they know how much it does, OR they do it purposely just to fuck you over 
Wife is sick and I'm getting sick of my month long sex drought. She offers bjs but has coughing fits during so i don't bother. Went over to a friend's together today and she's running around in a bikini grinding on my missus and I just want to fuck arg. 
 no worries bro  checked you too gz on 99 
 I'm here for you man. 
 Or these people 
 Wanting to suck a dick so bad but cant bring myself to do it. 
I'm turning 30 soon and want to start growing up, but my best (and technically only) friend seems to want to carry on drinking and doing drugs like we did throughout our 20's. We've been friends for more than 10yrs now and I'll have to end our friendship if he continues to be a shitty influence on me 
 Sorry man, Its Australia day and been drinking by myself the majority of the day. 
What the fuck people. pussy of the past is getting the best of you, all i see is pussy related problems that in reality are problems related to your self esteem, go fuck yourself with a nice girl and stop crying 
 
 same boat fam 
old people on the bus I don't want to hear how awesome communism was, you fucktards 
 I still think she's different, but day after day I feel worse 
 it's okay, I'd like to say I'm celebrating also but I had work today so I'm tired and just talking shit here while listening to the hottest 100 that I missed the last half of. 
 suck your thumb, basically the same thing. 
 She isnt different 
 Fuckin shit ay! 
 none where I am compadre.   it's full of men and old women.   I fucking hate remote locations. 
  our toxic culture we're all so fucked humans are destroying ourselves and the place we live. insane.  we all try to ignore it by gaming, lurking, fapping, buying nice things, but its still happening   
 less mess really. 
My girlfriend has developed into my best friend. I really care about her but ultimately.. Im not sexually attracted to her at all. She just turned 30... I dont want to have kids with her but also dont want to break up with her.  I have already been in this situation before and breaking up depressed me at least a year and felt guilty for another year or so. 
  My girl dumped me. It's the first time I have been broken up with rather than being the one to break up with the other person. Feelsbadman. 
 All good 
  you're a shit lol 
 then i feel for you man - take another pic of the set to compensate for the lack of pussy in your area 
My life could be worse... Though the only way I can sustain myself is leeching off of society. I took every handout I could and now I'm stuck this way. I cannot pursue a job ever or I'll get fucked. The only one I can blame for my life being this way is me. 
 nice 
 before you make a rash decision actually check up on her first, or ask a friend to do it (but make sure that he/she isn't too close to her). Information is key to planning your next move. Also yes this is robot guy again. 
 she is, please god, tell me she is 
 Oh yeah dude, We are defiantly fucked later on or so, but in the mean time face reality, get munted and make sure your munted when it happens. 
 I met the girl I want to marry. She is exactly what I was hoping for. She is simply perfect a solid 9/10, curvy but far frow chubby, crazy intelligence and thinking, strange funny and exactly 100% my humor. Dammit I would do almost anything to get her.   I am still in a relationship and cant leave the girl - I am the one who made her kind of addicted, she isnt doing good. If I leave her now I cant get it in tune with my conscience. 
 Well till they cum yeah its less mess 
 much appreciated. 
 but i can't ignore the fact the people making it happen are fucking stupid arseholes 
Cheating on my wife. The thing that bothers me is that it doesn't bother me. 
 do something to love her like you once did you faggot fuck sakes, take her out on the town, fuck her in the shit pipe just do ssomething man 
 she's acting like everything is fine she wrks 60h per week and when she has some time she's with her female friends and after she text me like "sorry I'll work 60h in 5 days I can't see you'" 
 Guess I got my head up my arse when I get on the piss brother. I know what ya mean though 
 thats really tough - my closest frined had the same experience. He broke up for a year or so and fucked a couple girls. He found out that for him mental communicatiion is more important and after some long talks he and his girl are now together happier than before. Also he found a way to get his dick up with her again (its all on your mind) if you want her that bad find a way to make it work - unless she is 1000kg and has only a good eye 
   speak about it with the perfect gril, you'll see 
 The disconnect between what I'm attracted to emotionally vs sexually and how women who possess both are nonexistent. Also being an existentially angsty retard in general I guess. 
 the holes in my roof 
 What are you attracted to emotionally? What are you attracted to sexually? answer nigger 
 hmm yeah, noot so good when it rains 
I'm pretty sure I have loads of mental disorders and idk how to tell anyone 
 Get some coin and fix it? Lazy shitskin 
 I watch you through them. 
 Most likely like me, Think and behave like a spastic but go to a shrink and your calm and normal. Cunts fucked 
I don't have a high enough income to be as materialistic as I'd like.   At least I'm not in debt but I don't have money to throw around either. 
 My landlord has to do that. The roof was built shitty. He's got problem with tiny holes since years. I don't have the knowledge to fix it and I won't spend my own money on that because it's not my fucking house, faggot. 
 Yeah man, I know those feels. 500 bucks a week is hard to live on in Aus. 
how my circuitry is scrambled so i struggle to stay mindful but occasionally i'll feel my feet breathing while my awareness shifts through my lungs and phases out of existence upon correlation with very vague events that scatter when observed.  hemispheric disturbance.  also i'm really pained that this is the only thing i find interesting because i'm almost in a dire state to resolve the situation. 
 Well have fun living in some fuckin boongs camp then. If your shitty landlord wont fix go to some faggot company that ups cunts like this in Aus its called the rta or something. Just whinge like the cuck faggot that you are and piece of piss m8 your roofs will be fixed or instead go to bunnings or some hardware store spend like 20 bucks for that putty shit that fills holes. use your head you fuckwit 
 "To have and to hold in sickness and in health" I can't even hold her properly atm she's so sick.  Not blaming her it just sucks. 
this slight pain in my head/mind, it seems to be anguish, it's been there a long time, 
 A month isn't really long. 
 If it was that easy, there wouldn't be a problem. The whole fucking roof has been renewed and there's still water dripping from the ceiling. 
Have gf but want to fuck thinner girls. Been with her for years. 
     
 She is not comfortable with the situation as well I can feel that. She is friends with my current girl, too. But she made very clear she is behind me. A few days back we talked like literally the whole night, just laughing and chilling. I cant say if I am more like a friend to her, I know she finds me attractive and really likes me a lot. But still not solving the problem. 
I just manipulated a girl into giving me nudes in order for her to find out what happened at a party where I was never present 
 Put buckets out empty them complain to landlord faggot he fix it again still fucked then move or kill yourself. easy 
 Gout 
There's a girl who I used to talk to for hours on end. She got pissed off at me because of a silly reason and hasn't talked to me for over 2 months. I constantly look at her dp's. Help me to forget her /b/ 
 dude if she's sick for a month, something's up. she's sick and you want a bj? fucking jerk it man, don't make her blow your stanky dick while she cant even breathe or fucking hacking all over the place.... 
I hate my job and want to quit, but I don't have anything else lined up. I can't tell if I'm just burned out or also too depressed. 
 Easy if you actually like the cunt who actually likes you but is landwhale mention that you want to go to a gym and you need a gym buddy. She will look at herself and go fuck I got more rolls then a fuckin bakery and then she will join you and be a skinny slut that you rail on the reg. fuck what are you autistic or something? 
 Shit, man. I feel for you. 
I'm engaged. Been with my partner 7 years. But I'm in love with a work colleague who I slept with a couple of months back.  This work colleague and I are very good friends and she confided in me that she is infact in love with a another of our work colleague. 
 how is this bothering you? Also post the fucking nudes, faggot 
 THIS! 
  When it's all done I'll dump them  I feel bad but the power trip is pretty cool, I guess 
 EzPz  guy you replied to. satan trips witnessed.  fuck i forgot gyms exist.  youre plaan is so fucking simple it hurts to read it cuz I knew about it too. Fuck man 
 Anyone got any advice? 
 I love her more than ever. The problem is... Love her like family. Don't want to have sex with family.  Im a horny bastard, you don't think ive tried everything?  I want to sleep with other women, but know id regret breaking up with her. 
 Emotionally I want what most normal people want: someone who's intelligent, loyal, dedicated, kind, demure, family-oriented, but I'm also socially liberal and not into "country" or religious girls. It's extremely rare to find a girl like this in the first place. I've never met one who's also sexually explorative and open minded in general, let alone into bondage, submission, rough throatfucking, anal training, pet play, voyeurism and exhibitionism, etc. 
 Fag/10 
 Post now 
 Nigger why you feel bad? You got fucking nudes! She thinks youre something and now you got more where that came from. jesus catcha every goddamn post 
Umm... All my friends are in uni, and I'm at home applying again. I did get in a decent college the first time but since I'm such a dumbfuck I decided that I deserved better and dropped out to try again. My asshole dad was cheating on my mom, and now the whore he was with threatens to cry rape if he leaves her and my mom doesn't want to leave him, I don't know why. Inb4 money, she works and make more than twice as much as him and also has a shitload of property in her name. All my friends are busy and everyday I just sit in front of my computer and books. I just study, listen to music and play vidya all day, everyday. The chick I love does not have any feelings for me but talks to me day and night, this gives me some hope and makes me shove aside other chicks who show interest in me, even though this chick knows how I feel about her and does not feel the same way. 
You wanna know what's bothering me? Well it ain't the dead nigger in my garage. 
 fuck the bitch, as in find a new one. forget stupid bitch for getting mad like a cunt over nothing. EzPz 
 you have a choice to make :/ would be hard to saty and lie to the gril but it's hard to leave the poor gril alone :/ 
 That's sad anon. You should kill yourself. 
  Will post the rest soon 
 I'm sorry anon. You should probably kill yourself. 
Story      Be next day   ' '  
 Totally forgot to send a thank you letter to the place where I did my internship and its been almost two months now...I feel like its too late to send one....haven't been to the gym in two weeks due to college starting back up after winter break and having bronchitis I feel like I'm just making excuses not to go but I am also glad I'm not around all those new years resolution people as of right now...they always crowd the equipment 
 STORING DEAD NIGGERS AINT MY FUCKING BUSINESS 
 That's happened a lot to me, with the same girl. We talk day and night, for days and then suddenly one day no more talking, then after months it starts again. It's fucking tiring. Forget her anon. She's no good. She may be really nice and smart but this will make you miserable. Forget about her, simple as that. 
 Are yous me? 
 get into incest problem solved 
 nice anon. im jealous.gratz, ill be waiting for a bit 
 I partially feel that I am approaching my prime or close to it. I feel that meeting other women is a breeze... However, she hadnt been with a guy for 10 years before meeting me and feels 'lucky' to be with me. She also told me that she is scared of growing old alone... I dunno.. We are in different places. 
 Right, I really dont know what to do  I cant leave the girl I am with right now If I wont its possible that It will take too much time until my girl is feeling better and the girl I really love isnt there anymore 
 Trying to get a brighter shot of her front.. Maybe not even going to tell her the story afterwards to keep getting nudes. 
 The fact that americans and muslims are still allowed to exist. 
 You fucked up. Probably should commit suicide. 
 I rarely ever have wet dreams. Practically never. Like one per year tops. Every time I do have a wet dream, it's with some girl who I'm currently fascinated with but have zero hopes of working up the courage to talk to. Without fail I've never managed to even talk to a girl who I fucked in my dreams, much less do the deed.  I haven't had a wet dream in the last 3 or 4 years, got married last year. Since getting married my wife and I have had a steady decline in sex until it's almost non-existent now.  I just had a wet dream where I was having sex with my wife  Then woke up and she was fully clothed and uninterested laying beside me 
 yeah why ruin the potential for more? nice body, you should pounce if you can. she obv is ok with being nekkid. 
  I probably did fuck up 
 True love 
 
  
Thinking of coming out today. Pic related (R). 
 I've seen the hottest girls with the ugliest guys, you either need to be rich, funny, smart, buff or good looking. Pick one and then just keep talking to girls and you will for sure find one.. 
 Try masturbating with your tears. Wet dreams aren't forever. 
Not having a girlfriend. I get $1000 a fortnight from welfare... which means I can get laid every week from hookers. But I just want someone to love me. :( 
 I've never had a wet dream either. Didn't know how prevelant they were until I got older. Still, nothing now and nothing in the past. Have hardly ever had a girlfriend between puberty and now, just a small thing that didn't work out for 6 months back when I was 21 a few years ago.  I am definitely not asexual though. I want to fuck things, I just never jizz in my dreams about it. 
 Why come out when you can just smoke cock and not worry about shit like this? 
 Hi friend. What third world shithole do you live in? 
  time TO PLAYNO MODZ SO RAYDD 
  time TO PLAYNO MODZ SO RAYDDD 
I'm waiting on a CL faggot to come suck my dick and he is taking FOREVER and I'm fucking sleepy! 
 Sorry I didn't reply 
 Stop being an edgelord and talking to people IRL that youre gonna do something to yourself. Most people just don't give a fuck and they will get distant because they don't need a faggot close to them killing himself. Cunt 
 Pretty rich, can make people laugh but that's about it. Apparently it's not enough. 
why my cat probes my brain whenever he enters my field of awareness because my membrane has been freeze-dried so its more sensitive yet can't accept environmental stimuli.  also how whispers sound like boom in my head because i'm just that insecure about disturbing the peace others have attained. basically can't express myself. 
 go see a therapist. its their job to care 
 Have you check out any dating sites. Those are crawling and I do mean crawling with thirsty girls who will do anything for a relationship. Source:Had an uncle dude is depressing, all he ever talks about is how great 90's shit is and referrences the most obscure movies you could imagine, I can't even stand him after years of being the only person willing to hang out with him. He get's an eharmony, he's now marrying an asain qt3.14. 
 Just look like an ass literally nobody will care a month down the road, like NOBODY. 
 This constant shitstream of "music" flooding the market just because all these teenagers have access to a Macbook and autotune. I cant fucking wait for the new Tool album. I'm sick of "whip" and "nae nae" fuck off with that shit 
20 y/o here. been with 5 girls since i lost my v card two years ago, had a relationship with 4 of them. all of them gave me the same reason why they broke up with me. they said they couldn't handle how stoic and phlegmatic i was, that i never once raised my voice in an argument and never seemed to be mad about anything stupid they did, that i almost never showed any negative emotions and one of them said after 8 months of being together she still feels like she doesn't know me at all. truth is, most things really don't bother me, i never lose my calm, no matter the situation, not even when my best friend killed himself when we were 17.  most of the time i don't see the necessity to talk about my life. i mean, when someone asks me about myself i answer, but i don't feel the need to talk about myself  i don't know how to change. idek if i want to change 
I fucked up my back or some shit. Now I got a constant pain in my left arm. Gotta work this 10 hour shift at the woodmill though. Stay in scho 
  Don't listen to her, first off I have alot of friends who are girls (not lesbians, I'm just a good listener and don't get in relationships very often) take it from me, girls give shit dating advice, they always just say what they think of you not what might really be holding you back. Plus different girls attract to different personalities. My gf likes a more humorous and outlandish thinker. While one of my friends who's a girl likes more blank face, serious guys. There's no real personality for dating just be yourself and eventually some girl will like you. 
 My co worker 
 Stop dating girls that use the word phlegmatic and you will be fine. 
 I hate when people say you are too nice 
 that i'm a worthless piece of shit. 
 Tried match. Loads of grannies and women who turned out to be scammers when I looked further into them, no one else was interested. Inb4 Gilf fucker. 
I'm trying to get over a break up with this girl I fell for hard. Also waiting around to see if I have thyroid cancer. Good times. 
 Address the main issue, I'd argue figure out what's really bumming you out, and then go to the same people looking to fix the issue that's making you so down. I don't get out enough maybe hit up a coworker about a night on the town. No gf, download tinder look for a date. 
 Thats code for ugly or babydick. Come on faggots 
My girlfriend left me and all my friends left with her. Feel like Im too old to start all over again. 
 tbh I've heard shit things about match, Eharmony I've only heard good things but I see your point, don't wanna try online dating. Maybe just try going out on the town some night, hit up a club or bar, worst outcome you drink a little don't meet anybody but got out of the house and help brighten up a little, best case you hit it off with a random girl. 
 You got dubs so you're not that worthless, not to me anon, cause usually I don't get to respond to dubs first. You brightened my day man and I won't forget this. 
 Ah...I see. Your girlfriend could smell you were a wounded gazelle. Shes out looking for a pride king.  Sadly women are much more primative. 
 Cheers for taking the time to give me advice. I guess I could try eharmony. Nothing to lose I guess. 
That I have a boner but I'm not in the mood to fap 
 I feel for you. Something like that happened to me. You'll eventually find out you like more your life without her and your old friends and start to make new friends.  Good luck anon 
   moderatley funny, smart, not buff but in good shape, and rated 7-8/10 by some girls but i still don't get pussy worst thing is being asked "how come a guy like you doesn't have a gf?" by a girl, followed by the sentence "i'm sure you'll find one soon" and her not showing any interest in me after such conversation 
  How does one make new friends at 30? is going to clubs by yourself acceptable? Iv never done shit like this cause I was with her for 17 years. 
 it's a direct translation 
 a girl i had been trying to get for ages lead me on, and they when i asked her out she decided that she no longer wanted me and had fell for someone else. and the guy turned out to be a old mate 
 didn't say i was to nice. they made it about me showing not enough emotions. how can i show more if i've got nothing left? 
  '  '   '     '    ''           Thanks for the night, it was fun"         I know it doesn't suck so bad, but I feel like shit 
 I've had that before. Feels great. 
 whats bothering me is i want to quit uni but my mum wants me to 'think' it over  and 'give it another shot' 'happiness is a choice' 'everyone goes through tough times' its like shes reading out of a self help book 
 I went out alone a few weeks ago. Im 30. I actually met this incredible red haired 20 year old girl. She ended up trying to get my number and I said no.  I have a girlfriend, but felt like going out. (Shes was away).  Was really fun.. But now im thinking I could be with girls that good looking. She was a 9, easily. 
what trust and emotional confidence are actually worth when they're readily exploited. 
Unì exam coming up tomorrow 
 What do you think I've been doing? I just miss the contact when we usually do stuff several times a week.   Shes already gone to dr got antibiotics but will take a while to come good. 
 You just described my gf of 4 years  Sucks to be you lmao 
 Met great girl. Smart, funny, fun, great in bed. Be with her for 4yesrs before I can't handle her need for drunk fighting. Broke up yesterday. Feel like I'm making a massive mistake, but must take action 
  Thanks for the kind words, man. I don't think I'm going anywhere, though, I'm too old for a breakup to feel like the end of the world. What's got you so salty? 
  What a couple of faggots. 
Lost my belt...It doesnt feel right mang Other than that I wanna be an hero cause no job, no life 
  motherfucker got sniped. that or candlejack's back ag 
my headache and my increasingly difficult to fulfill desire to avoid all responsibilities 
 its chemtrails i can tell from the pixels 
 University work, damaged tech and stressy bitches... and also an apparent gambling addiction. 
 Girls with tattoos. 
I'm bored with the economy. I just want to invent ridiculous contraptions and make art. Everyone else is so fucking thrilled with this economy horseshit. I guess I have to waste my time playing this stupid fucking game with them. 
I'm in a loveless relationship, and I don't want to leave it because I'm afraid of being alonr 
Anyone here grow their own shrooms? Im thinking of starting out.I heard it was pretty easy. Is it worth it? 
bump 
How easy? 
roll for interest 
Yeah man do it. If you can keep your cool with failing the first few batches till you got it down, you'll be slangin to Mario in no time. You have to learn the basic science behind it. Im sure you already know this, but it's a class x felony To fk around growing shrooms. Any other questions? 
so what's going down on /b/ this morning?  east coast is still closed. i'm still snowed in.  why not be productive and make a thread? 
 Bullshit. You still have internet to post here.  Snow stops internet.  Lying bastard. 
  
As109/g_scream GIF/webm thread  
 
 
 
Stop posting porn on /b/ you retards, there are specific boards for that. 
 It's a random board, no rules. Normifag. 
 what part of the word "random" don't you understand? 
 Ok, I won't anymore. 
  It's stupid, if you want traps why not go to the trap board? You'll get more replies and i won't have to look at that shit. 
 
 My butt hurts :'( 
I found this pill the othet day and cant find online what it is. Any anons have any idea? It has lA and 10 imprinted. Im assuming the 10 is the mg but I dont know what the lA is. Im assuming its lA or LA and not 1A as the 1 in 10 is different. Any ideas? 
any thing at all on the other side? 
 
 break off a small peace and feed it to a dog. take pics faggot 
 Found where? 
There's tons of pill identifiers online retard 
  Nah just blank. 
  How is my post bait? 
  Supermarket. On the floor wrapped in a glove. 
  imprint A 10 has been identified as Mirtazapine 45 mg. 
  And as I stated, none of them came up with anything. I tried every variation for the imprint, with searching for round blue pills on multiple pill identifier websites and still nothing. 
  The pill I have has lA, and the pictures for that pill is oval shaped and white. 
I've just taken 40mg oxycodone and would like to mix things up and take this if I can find out first what it is. If any anon can find what it is, im willing to gift a $5 steam game. 
 Pretty sure that's amitriptyline 10 mg, antidepressant used to treat depression in some kids 
  Would be a shame if it is. But I would like to have definitive proof as to what it is. Im from New Zealand if that helps. Im just going to keep posting porn till someone knows. 
 
can you get a better picture? more zoom 
 Country? 
  Answer please:   
  Best I could do sorry. Shitty phone camera. 
  New zealand. Nothing on the other side. 
some sketchy off brand diazepam if I had to guess But if you found it wrapped in a glove it's probably something recreational Only one way to find out right?? 
 IA" over "10" debossed on one side and plain on the other side.  Source:  
Cut of a small piece and mix it with something (water or alcohol) post results 
Pop it and post results OP 
 The only thing it will do is 'maybe' make him slightly tired.  10mg of Amitriptyline is nothing. 
 lol that's even worse then the first 
 APO-Amitriptyline it's an anti depressant. 
 Smash and snort? Smash and IV? 
 I take it. Nerve pain. Will make him take bad ass nap. Take ibuprofen with it so you don't wake up sore from over sleeping 
 Just swallow it... but like I said, 10mg is a very small dose and will most likely do close to nothing.   I take 100mg tabs and it sometimes makes me really tired.. but at 10mg, I doubt it would do much. 
 Snort does nothing. IV just burns 
 If he's never taken it before he will sleep. I give mine out to friends/family cause it cracks me up watching them go into mini comas. 
80% chance of being amitriptyline most likely pressed by Sandors 
Do any of you faggots use imgrc. ru and want to share any passes? 
bump 
 dump them, op. 
12345 
 
 
Who's got moar ? 
I find it interesting that one high profile paedophille can be allowed to retain their position within the ranks of society whereas another cannot.  Too much money involved with MJ due to royalties and his estate?  The world's not right.  Money over morality. 
