The only reason I would ever install an overly complicated operating system is for my dick. Why hasn't she shown us how to install gentoo? 
Who is this 
 nixie pixel 
 Who is this cutie boobie patutti 
 NixiePixel 
 She doesnt know how to install gentoo /thread 
 MODS 
 She got a disease which fucked her up. I donno what it is. She says it gives her pains and migraines. 
 A video about installing gentoo would be pretty much pointless.  The handbook is all you need. 
  
this hottie has though  
 benis in the anis? 
 Shes really ugly and fat now, too. She probably caught the meme. 
 Autism. She certainly speaks like one. 
ITT your job How much money you make How many hours a week you work  Ill start  Call Center for Health Care 10$/hr 40 hours  God damn I fucking hate working 8 hour days 5 days a week 
   
DB suppport USD 600/month 6 hours a day, 3 days per week 
What's a dolphin polisher and why would I even want one? 
Software developer $90k/yr 40hrs per week 
Systems analysis 60k a year 45+ hours in an office a week,  on call 24/7  I went to school to work on cars... 
Software Engineer READ: Web Developer 50k a year, like 3k a month net 40 
General Manager of a Taco Bell $65k a year and good benefits 50 hours a week, salaried.  I've been working at the Bell for like two years and was a shift lead and the GM of a store quit and they just asked me. Shit's easy, it's not a busy store either. 
 You could be unemployed. Would that be better? Would that make you happy? To be jobless and unable to collect unemployment? 
 Can you eat free tacos? 
 I don't have a job. I make no money. I'm a NEET. 
  Yeah, theoretically I could ring up however much free food I want. I only eat it once or twice a week, though. 
wasting your life doing a job you hate 40 hours per week 5-6 days per week.   
iOS dev $130k/yr 40-50hrs per week  It's not bad but not as lucrative as it sounds. It's the SF bay area so I spend about 38% of my income on housing, a significant chunk on transport, and food is pricey too if you don't eat like total shit 
T2 hell desk/sysadmin shit. 46k. Works well enough for me. 
  Why not live outside SF and commute? Gas is cheap and your housing sounds like it isn't. 
     
 this desu senpai 
 bitches dont know bout my Swift 
      kek 
  good goy, goood goy. leave the jobs for people of the book. 
QA automation developer $85k/yr 40hrs/wk  The pay is pretty reasonable for my area and the work environment is great. I'm just starting out so no complaints. 
 They're turkey tossers 
 can you help me fix something?  <pre class="prettyprint">import Cocoa import CloudConvert      var chosenFileURL = NSURL(fileURLWithPath: "")          //MARK: Import button, pick a file     @IBAction func chooseFile(sender: AnyObject) {                  let openPanel = NSOpenPanel()         openPanel.title = "Choose a gif"         openPanel.beginWithCompletionHandle r({(result:Int) in             if(result == NSFileHandlingPanelOKButton)             {                 var fileURL = openPanel.URL!                 print(fileURL)                 self.chosenFileURL = fileURL                 //do something with the selected file. Its url = fileURL             }         })     }           @IBAction func cloudConvert(sender: AnyObject) {         CloudConvert.apiKey = ""                  let inputURL  = chosenFileURL         let outputURL = NSFileManager.defaultManager().URLs ForDirectory(.PicturesDirectory, inDomains: .UserDomainMask)[0] as? NSURL                  if NSFileManager.defaultManager().file ExistsAtPath("/(outputURL)") {             try!  NSFileManager.defaultManager().remo veItemAtPath("/(outputURL)")                                       CloudConvert.convert([                 "inputformat": "gif",                 "outputformat" : "webm",                 "input" : "upload",                 "file": inputURL,                 "download": outputURL!                 ],                 progressHandler: { (step, percent, message) - Void in                     print(step! + " " + percent!.description + "%: " + message!)                 },                 completionHandler:                 { (path, error) - Void in                     if(error != nil) {                         print("failed: " + error!.description)                     } else {                         print("done! output file saved to: " + path!.description)                     }             })                      }                       }  } </pre> 1 of 2 
FT retail about 44K/year + benefits/pension 40 hours   its alright work, i dont mind it. 
Automotive warehouse dock worker $19.50/hour. Going to $21.50 in February. $30 in e more years  Full paid benefits $5k yearly paid by company for schooling of my choice At least 45/week. Closer to 60/week out of choice. Voluntary overtime makes my check fat. Monday-Friday work. Voluntary Saturdays. 2pm-12:30am 
 I will start at Google in 6 months. Being paid $110k plus around $40k in stock per year. 
 You use it to polish dolphins. They're a must have for any dolphin owner 
 getting this error <pre class="prettyprint">failed: Error Domain=NSCocoaErrorDomain Code=516 "“CFNetworkDownload_2VP329.tmp” couldn’t be moved to “anon” because an item with the same name already exists." UserInfo={NSSourceFilePathErrorKey= /var/folders/wf/64srckbs1dlbs30tzd8 zwjfh0000gn/T/CFNetworkDownload_2VP 329.tmp, NSUserStringVariant=(     Move ), NSDestinationFilePath=/Users/anon/P ictures, NSFilePath=/var/folders/wf/64srckbs 1dlbs30tzd8zwjfh0000gn/T/CFNetworkD ownload_2VP329.tmp, NSUnderlyingError=0x618000045eb0 {Error Domain=NSPOSIXErrorDomain Code=17 "File exists"}} </pre>  and it deletes everything in the pictures directory whenever it runs.  what is going wrong? 
 How did you get that job, what are the qualifications needed? 
 I don't have a driver's license for one (yeah I know it's bizarre) and it's annoying as fuck to have to travel for an hour whenever I want to do something in my off time. I grew up in an ultra-rural area and frankly have had enough of not being close to anything for a lifetime.   Only an idiot would be content with only being able to do apple stuff. I work on C++ modding community tools for a commercial game in my spare time as a learning exercise. I can't say I'm proficient with it yet but I'm getting there.    Is this being run under OS X or iOS? If OS X, do you have sandboxing enabled? 
 thanks for replying. it's osx, and no i don't have sandboxing enabled 
 KEK/10 
 btw, this bit can be omitted  <pre class="prettyprint">if NSFileManager.defaultManager().file ExistsAtPath("/(outputURL)") {             try!  NSFileManager.defaultManager().remo veItemAtPath("/(outputURL)")</pre>  everything works as expected up until the file is supposed to be downloaded. that's when the error gets thrown 
   It looks like you're telling it to write the file to a directory path and then removing the directory at that path. You've gotta provide a filename.  In other words, you're providing it with: /Users/foobar/Pictures/  When it actually needs: /Users/foobar/Pictures/foo.webm  I haven't run it but you might want to try something like <pre class="prettyprint">let realOutputURL = outputURL?.URLByAppendingPathCompon ent("foo.webm")</pre>  Should do the trick in your case. 
 Satellite controller 72K a year 3 days a week, 12 hours a day, 6pm to 6am 
CS student -3000€/year 14-21 hours a week plus extras 
 I basically worked my way through the company, was in the right place at the right time. I had no idea what I was getting in to, but I'm pretty sure I've been surpassing everyone's expectations. 
 Pretty nice gig . what kind of qualification's did you need to score that. 
Geek squad repair 12.50/hr + bonuses 40hrs  Trying hard to get into help desk. Live in very remote area though  AA network administration A+, Net+ 
 also geeksquad here. 12.48/hr tfw 2nd month in a row i wont bonus because the new structure is BS.  love the job though people come to me with the simplest shit crying like its the end of the world and when i fix it they treat me like a god.  also about once a week i can convince clients to buy us pizza 
  Find any interesting files? 
 Yep. We got a 5% bonus in october and a 2.5% for november. But here at our store, we can forget about quarterly NPS bonus. Never gonna happen.    Sadly ive seen more dick pics than boobs. Moderatly attractive women sometimes show cleavage hoping theyll get a discount. Thats nice 
Cnc laser operator 27.50 hour. 4 days a week 10 hour days. With voluntary overtime I pulled in 80k last year 
 not allowed to go looking. did have a computer come through with icons for various torrent applications and tor on the desktop though. 
  Generic warehouse box pusher, casual IT stuff. $10/hour 40 hours a week.  for some reason the government decided to only take out 13% of my check every month. I know some of my coworkers are getting like 22% taken out.  will I be screwed when I have to do taxes? 
 we always make our budget. in fact year to date were 9th overall atm but the rest of the store never meets any goal so we dont get anything anymore.  also last quarter we missed nps bonus by .1% fucking raged 
Autist 25k digeridollars a year 24/7 
 Assistant Manager at a Texas Roadhouse   Enough to live comfy  ~45-50 hours a week 
 You're fine, the only reason they are getting more taxes taken out is because they never properly filled out their w4 form or they are making a lot more than you.  At $10 an hour, you're going to be in one of the lowest possible tax brackets. 
Escort    300/hr + occasional tips    I guess 10-15 hours a week 
 Sys admin / Student $30,000 a year around 30 hrs a week and I work almost whenever only have to show up for meetings 2-3 times a year 
  Fuck that sounds nice, how did you get into sysadmin as a student though? 
 Got in as a level 1-2 tech in a small it dept. Showed up the whole dept. Then the old sys admin quit and I was moved into their position. 
Some school needed assisting regarding using computers in general and setting up stuff, so I took the job. 8-12, 13:30-4:15, get paid 550€ per month, don't work on Wednesday. It's my second day here and they don't know what to make me do so I'm in the computer room shitposting instead. 
   i hate this fucking country so much 
  - €70k/year - approximately 40h/week - approximately 10h/week fixing front-end developers's shits 
Mcdonalds $25AUD/Hr About 9 + depressionbux 
Bioinformatics Intern 20$/hour Whenever I have the time. Over the summer or was 40+ a week, these days more like 10-15 
Soft Real Time C++ dev 85k per year + bonus 40+ hours per week  Lunch is included, plus fully stocked fridge and fruit and shit, not that I eat at work anyway. 
Junior Software Dev (read: Android) 45k/yr 40 hours a week  Hours are pretty flexible though. Getting a raise next year hopefully. 
  Is that 10-15 hours include foreplay or straight up getting plowed 
are these salaries after tax? 
I sell equipment to biotech research labs.  $65k+  also pay my car, phone, home internet, etc... 20-30 hours/week 
web developer ~4k polish zloty (~$1k) / month  40hr 
 What's the cost of living like in Poland? 
 my room costs 700 for the month (water/electricity included in the rent) I spend around 1k on groceries and other shit, and that's with having some beer/wine almost every evening and going for takeaway once or twice in a week  depends on the city and the district in the city, though large cities are obviously more expensive, but usually the salaries are higher to offset that a bit 
c# dev 70k 40h sweden yes 
 than you very much! i thought it would use the suggested name automatically, but I was wrong. 
sysadmin (RHEL + BSD) 60k 40 hrs/week, sometimes 50-60 when (mostly external) shit hits the fan  Started at 50k a year ago, got a nice bonus a few months in and a raise to 60k a couple months ago. I severely undervalued myself in the negotiations, even though I had no professional experience, but I was absolutely desperate to get my foot in the door to escape nearly a decade of soul-crushing temping as a help desk slave. 
 peasant farmer  averages out to $600 a month so around 3.75$/hour  40 hours a week on average but varies with the seasons 
 that was a good move, but you probably will never be able to negotiate a significant salary increase at this job, unless you change positions.  if you want to make the big bucks, start tooling yourself as an enterprise architect 
 fuck yea 
Make biscuits, which is pretty fun for being a job. Work shifts, night included 8hrs a day, half hour break included so 7,5 net. 30 minutes driving so usually a total of 10 hourd a day taken by job. Quite a bit of facultative extra hours, up to 30 per month.  Salary goes from 1500€ to 1800€ depending on the amount of extra i put in. 
      Job is super busy a lot of the time usually 40+ calls a day.  Calls vary day to day.   Some days mostly password resets some days more technical related calls.   They say I can move up in the company to a different IT job non service desk.  I want to believe them. 
  Desenvolve and create tech for Brazilian government  35k reas, dunno how much is in dollar  30hrs 
Software Engineer 415 $ pm Not in US so. A good amount to live with 
    This is my biggest fear.  It's been only a year for me across two service desk jobs you are truly a strong willed human being. 
 lots of bombs going off at your IS help desk support job?  i imagine it is super busy.  are you moving up after some of the other guys blow themselves up? 
 
 russia? 
  Kek 
  
  are you serious? what country are you in? legit curious, what crop do you grow? 
my girlfriends parents are chinese, middle class. one's a doctor making $40 usd a day, the other is a mechanical engineer.  i stayed with them for a month. it just shows you how little you really need to have a comfortable life.  changed my perspective a little bit, and i save more money now.  i want to buy them a really nice house in their city later 
  Fuel Clerk $13/hr 40hrs/week  Spend at least an hour or so a day watching shows on my tablet/cell phone or studying Digital Design in hopes of starting a second job in a few years. 
 Security dispatcher at a business complex 5000BGN (2500EUR) yearly 60 hours a week  Such is life in eastern Europe. 
 US corn and soy mostly + my own plot i grow veg and weed on for personal use. Old piece of familiy owned land in buttfuck nowhere PA. Heating is wood fired. Work is hard and the pay is shit but i don't care. At least i am not a wage slave. 
  
 Working with hadoop? 
 Hungary web dev here. I feel you are being underpaid. 1.3k usd worth of monopoly money here. 
 Do Swedes really work 40 hours a week? That was not my impression when working for Semcon. 
 NEET here, I dont give a fuck how much you work or how much you make. NEETs are the new reality, your jobs are going to get harder and harder to find in the new economy where only a lucky few can score high paying jobs.  People who hate on NEETs are usually rich/upper middle class college kids who have mommy and daddy buy them a car and pay their rent/food/tuition/play money and then they come here and brag how they 'earned' their way through life. The reality is that most manufacturing jobs have been sent overseas. Most low wage jobs go to illegal aliens. You can only get a good job now buy knowing someone in a trade or going to college. We are going to have to accept that there are not enough jobs to go around so there is going to be a permanent leisure class of people who dont work. Parents who can afford to support their kids so they dont have to work are doing society a favor by making jobs available for poor people who really need those jobs to support their kids. 
Paramedic 95k/yr 40hr /wk  I enjoy what I do 
   bullshit 
 We'll see. I'm still in the upper percentiles, considering my experience level (a help desk background is USELESS) and geographic area. If my growth or earnings don't keep up with expectations in a couple of years, I'll certainly begin looking for my next dream job.  I'm not really super ambitious, though, to be honest. I'm now making enough to live comfortably, independently, and debt-free, while putting a decent and consistent chunk into savings. I'm getting paid to do what I love and I have fun even on my worst days.  Two years ago, my long term plans were to liquefy any assets I could, disappear, become a hobo, travel as far as I could, and kill myself somewhere nice. Seriously. That's what played out in my head almost every day. I started researching that shit. Six more months and I absolutely would have burned out and snapped. For the fourth time, and this was going to be the big one. Now, instead, I smile like a child all day. I'm the happiest I've been since sometime around 3rd grade.  If I advance to bigger and better things, it'll be because I'm looking for the next level of challenge, not because of money. 
 "$90,000 as a Primary Care Paramedic, an Advanced Care Paramedic salary can on average range from $75,000 to $95,000, and Critical Care Paramedics range from $100,000 to $115,000."   Maybe use Google? 
Chef £6.70 an hour 60+ hours 
  
 Prosecutor $90k/yr ~45-ish currently, depends on workload from time to time. 
    Not in Australia champ 
 I hope that's in the third world cause that's brutal   
Chat support in a call centre for tech $12 per hour 40 hours per week ' 
2nd level IT support Around 1k euros per month Around 40h per week but i can work from home and the work load is pretty light.  Not a bad gig right after finishing school and only around 10% of my salary goes to living expences since i have my own apartment so no rent. 
    Could make more but I would rather not get fucked more than I already do. 
 
 Retail supervisor ~AUD$24/hr 20 hours over one weekend each month 
Janitor. About €1,300-1400 a month. Eight hours a day, five days a week. This is assuming I work a full month. I'm just a temp and have been for the past three years. I've heard that private sector employers pay even less than this.  At least I'm not a telemarketer or web developer. 
F-15 Crew Chief  Always changes due toDeployments/TDYs but enough to live comfortably  I can work anywhere from 50-70+ hours a week 
 
  
PHP developer at a startup company €24k/yr, it's alright considering I got this job at age 19 (20 now)  Supposed to work 40hr/wk, spend around 20hr/wk doing actual work  Also call in sick pretty often, they're supposed to pay me 70% of my usual salary those days, but they only did that last month because I didn't go to work for like 3 weeks.  Looking for other jobs though, trying to get c++/c# jobs, higher paying and better benefits in general  Got nice job offers as well, but never responded to any of them so far. Gonna wait until this contract ends, then see what they offer for my next contract, which should be a lifetime contract with more benefits 
I just started working as a software developer last month    Feels alright 
    
Sysadmin, sitting at home doing nothing all day 18k/year  40h/week  It's like being a neet. Awesome. 
There's currently three computer-related job openings here. Two for programming, one for 3D modeling. If there was a non-trivial number of computer jobs here I might even consider studying. Though I don't know if I'd ever be able to compete against younger people who all probably have a relevant university degree. 
 DPP nigga? 
 It's legit, my sister is a paramedic and she basically got that salary straight outa uni. 
 Systems Engineer ~$98k a year Usually around 45 hours or so, sometimes less sometimes more depending on projects or issues. 
 so this is how you justify yourself.  has anyone told you you sound like a pathetic, whiny, child? 
  PhD student  445k NOK a year before taxes + benefits (broadband at home, mobile phone, mobile phone data plan, public transport card etc)   Some weeks I work 15, some weeks I work 60. I usually average at around 25-30 though. 
 Why would someone pay you so much to escort them? I could easily escort someone where every they want to go to for 15/hr and I'm not even a big and intimidating guy. 
 I'm currently unemployed, started college. Used to work as Embedded C dev. 32/hr 48 hours 
Lab Tech About $43,000 without overtime. About 36 hours a week / 3 days a week (anything extra is overtime). 
 Gas station A bit over $10/hr 48hr weeks 
 Kek 
 "food production management" 55 hours a week 48k/yr  Just saving my money to go to school full time for what I really want (EE major, CS minor). I'm 26, and expect the crumbling/aging US power infrastructure to have repairs in full swing by 2020. 
Anesthesist: 320K per year 
 Factory worker $25 a hour 36-50 hours a week 
Part time at computer refurb shop 100DKK/h (~15USD) Like 4 hours, one day a week.  Job is sweet. I can work as much as I want, any time I want. State pays me like 2000DKK a month to go to school though, and I still live at home, so I don't have much need to. 
Forklift driver 1700-1800€ per month 40 hours per week 
 I remember the times the gov granted around 5,5k dkk a month, 
Your opinion? Thanks.          
   at least you didn't waste money on an i7 for gayming. good job 
That is indeed a computer. 
   Did you mean GTX 3.5? 
 Dohoho and it starts 
 Are you fucking retarded? Do you need people helping you at every step of your life because you're too stupid to google something?  /g/ is NOT your personal tech support team or personal consumer review site. 
 taylor swift is a slut 
 culture demon needs her throat slit 
 Get a Xeon instead. No integrated, same price, and as powerful as the i7. Same socket too 
 No overclocking at all what is the purpose of it? How can you even expect it to last more than 3 years? Will literally be worse than an AMD Zen processor aswell what rhe fuck kill yputseld 
    Top kek. There's literally no reason to not get a 390 for the same fucking price. Or better yet, wait for Pascal, that's what I'm doing. 
 Or buy a used 290(X) and OC until Pascal arrives 
 gosh tay is super pretty sometimes 
    Why waste so much money? 
 How do you play games on Ultra @ 144 Hz with that ?  ' 
overrated as fuck OP  You'd get the same performance if you used z97 and i5 4670k for example. At least you wouldn't notice the difference. I won't even comment on ddr4 
 Yeah don't comment on those glorious frequencies, with your outdated hardware. 
  
 I'll post my build soon enough, I'm waiting for my R9 Fury and Noctua DH-14 to arrive (I have a 5930K)  I will sure enjoy that Star Wars Battlefront :^) 
 fuck off shill 
 Why did you post a picture of taylor swift? What are her specs? 
   OP config can't expect that either.  6600K doesn't give you much edge over 6500 and overclocking is silicon lottery. Also, he wants to use a fucking 212 EVO, I doubt he's gonna bother overclocking at all.  He won't, he's asking /g/ for advice, someone that lazy won't be bothered to overclock. Might as well save money and get a 6500, a cheaper mobo, throw out the CPU cooler and just buy a better one later and pour the savings from that into a much better GPU like 980 or 390 or something. 
I have a question for non rolling distro users. Aren't you guys irritated that you have to reinstall your os every few months because of buggy dist upgrades? I can't remember a single time someone didn't had a problem that was solved by reinstalling ubuntu/fedora  co every six months. I just can't deal with that shit, I would rather wait a few seconds to let gentoo rebuild everything depending on boost after an update and have up to date stable software. You guys aren't using servers so why do you submit yourselves to this "stable" nonsense?  Dammit I can't comprehend. 
The whole point is that I don't have to reinstall my OS. 
Fuck yes I'm annoyed by it, but I use so much different shit for my studies that anything besides Ubuntu would be a suicide. I just don't have that extra day to spend on figuring out how to install and configure something on my distro because the provided deb doesn't work with it. Gimme a rolling release version of Ubuntu, or at least something that's fairly stable  compatible with its repositories, and I'll be happy. 
 ''' co every six months. I just can't deal with that shit, I would rather wait a few seconds to let gentoo rebuild everything depending on boost after an update and have up to date stable software. You guys aren't using servers so why do you submit yourselves to this "stable" nonsense? I use gentoo and arch on my desktop and laptop, respectively. Debian runs on a VPS I rent, and I have no issues with packages being somewhat out of date because it doesn't take very long to apt-get update and apt-get upgrade, then dist-upgrade every couple years. I would rather have a stable, binary-based server OS than to have something I'd need to check up on regularly such as arch or gentoo. 
 But you do normally, upgrades never work as advertised especially if you depend on different ppas to get working open source drivers or multimedia packages to decode the newest fancy h2xx codec. Of course i don't expect much breakage if you just use old packages from the distro itself but what's the fun in that? 
    
  Sorry, I misread the post entirely. I didn't see the "non" 
 Oh I don't run it with Unity, I have gnome flashback with openbox and compton. Want GTK3, don't want none of that shell crap  cinnamon gives me a headache, so this is pretty much the only way to go. 
 Finally, another anon who thinks that cinnamon is ass. 
 You mean it took you this long to find another person who thinks Cinnamon is ass? 
  I understand the need for a reliable base to get working. Should have mentioned that i was more interested in the opinions from home users. I see debian and ubuntu recommended all the time and always think the guys that recommend that never had to deal with users that want their shit to just work and are wondering why the their update broke everything.   No worries.      I agree cinnamon is ass, never got why people praise that inflexible abomination of a desktop. It doesn't even manage to provide proper theme  font settings for qt apps. 
  kek 
 fedora is shit 
  I pay rajeet to do it for me. 
 reinstalling everything, takes around 30 min, plus the time it takes to burn out a dvd. 45 min maintenance a month is not much 
I use fedora myself, and really haven't yet had an issue with distro upgrades. I guess I'm those lucky few that have next to no issues with upgrades. At least it gives me some time to get used to some of changes they push to centos which I use on my servers, not to mention that I really have most of my stuff either streamed over network or saved in external hdds(and most important stuff like configs are backed up in an offsite server) so in theory having to wipe and reinstall an os on my personal computers would be mostly just an issue of copying dotfiles after reinstalling and updating the os. So it makes me at least back up my stuff? I don't honestly know familia, if I had problems I wouldn't probably be using this distro at the first place. 
  Cinnamon is ass alright.. I tried it a few times by now and could never stand it for over an hour. I mean even if we ignore the fact that it's still broken as hell (looking at you, theme installation) it's slow and doesn't fit into the desktop. Like holy shit, it doesn't even FEEL like gtk.  Plus, a pet peeve of mine: you gotta enable switching windows via mouse wheel over the taskbar by hand and even once you do it scrolls them BACKWARDS. No setting to reverse the order, naturally. 
 I often prefer a stable distro and there's no such thing as a stable rolling distro. 
  True, I backup my configs too but I always manage to forget something in /etc, yes even in  my backup scripts. There is just so much that needs to be modified in a new install, be it new features I want to try or just some shitty xorg tweak that it's more than a minor headache to reproduce that after a wipe or when I try a different distro.   Don't get me starting with that half assed taskbar. It doesn't even have thumbnails of the windows or anything related to a proper modern taskbar (no program pinning, no grouping). It doesn't even look like it belongs there, just a complete mess that makes plasma5 look like the messiah. The only good thing is their new sound applet, that shit's sleek.   There is, take a look at gentoo, select a profile, resolve the first birth blockers that are there by design and enjoy months or years of up to date stable programs, apart from gnome that is. There is no such thing as dependency hell. 
  I used debian and ubuntu derivatives for a couple years, and never had any issues with them except when I edited configs blindly, broke everything, and could only reinstall to solve the problems. But for the average user, bleeding edge packages aren't very important, especially when they're already managed by apt. 
 But average users are the ones blindly installing third party deps from the internet and then coming to me whining why the distro upgrade broke them. 
 ' It actually does have that in 2.8 
Updated 9 Fedora 20 machines to 23. Just werks. 
 This. Upgraded my fedora 19 to 23 without encountering any problems. 
 LTS was made for a reason. 
 Fedora distro upgrades work fine. Never had an issue with them. 
 Linux is a stable as the user is. desu senpai 
Let's have a real discussion about interesting technologies that are in the future but are not far down the road like for example electric cars or highly efficient solar energy panels.   For me, I have high hopes for the Wendelstein 7-x fusion reactor built in Germany (germanfag here). I think fusion power is THE way to go in the future in terms of energy generation, IF it is possible.  Another thing I am really interested in is the possible use of nanites for medical purposes.  What do you guys think are the most promising / interesting technologies and how will they impact our every day life? 
An interesting site concerning this topic (albeit with a shitty domain name) is of their tech posts are relatively well researched. Just ignore their stupid shit on social issues. 
really /g/?   1 hour and literally no one answers a topic that is for once fresh and not the same shit as everything else? 
 Medical implants that monitor all your vitals, schedule medical check-ups and call the ambulance when something isn't right. 
 Wasn't this thing supposed to go active sometime this fall? What's the status on it? 
  This might be very useful. As long as you could also monitor your own health on your smartphone / pc, it might be really useful for those with certain conditions (think diabetes, heart diseases and so on).  Might also help fatties to slow down and put down the fork for a second    Actually, it is supposed to start on the 10th of December, so two days from now!  Also, nice to see at least someone is interested in thing beyond smartphones and linux on this technology board 
Package pipe deliver pipe to your house or 3d printing material goo pipe. Either one would work. 
 Wait, we have a fusion reactor in Germany? The only thing I knew about was ITER. 
  The pipe thing I cannot really see. Do you have any source for this actually being developed?   The 3D printing of stuff I can totally see happening. I guess at one point in the future the "You wouldn't download a car, would you?" commercial will have been rendered a total joke.    english speakers:  
 ded 
 A really good os. Not even kidding. 
GRAPHENE FUCKING WHEN 
  no it isn't    That of course. Too bad we are stuck with what we've got now and it looks like it's only getting worse. What would be your idea of a really good OS? Something like LCARS on Star Trek or so?  Also, since we're on computer stuff, quantum computing seems like the next big thing in terms of really high jumps in performance. Anyone got an inkling as to when that shit is going to be consumerlevel? 
 Quantum computing is never going to see consumer grade, because consumers don't have any use for it at this time.  Quantum computing sounds like such a buzzword. 
 '  Putting 'never' and 'at this time' in the same sentence and the same context does not really work. Of course, it is not interesting to consumers yet. Just like all the other stuff discussed here. That is the point of the entire thread. 
 For the immediate future I'd like something like a mix of the best features of all operating systems. Functioning package manager but with a user repository so you never have to hunt down repos(like the aur only with more support), functioning drivers , support for all prop. programs( in a perfect world we wouldnt need this), one standard toolkit which is easily customizable ( let's call it qt6 or something), more easy control on what processes are running or phoning home and stuff like that. I really don't know that much about technology or programming( I'm here to learn about that stuff a bit) but it seems insane to me that we have all this amazing technology but can't get a proper browser or sane operating system. Further in the future I'd like to see something like LCARS. 
 I just paid for my groceries the other day by putting my phone on a box  That's pretty future. 
 google is working on something similar iirc. They already developed the contact lenses for people with diabetes. Their ultimate goal is probably a swarm of nanobots in your body that monitor your health and potentially help your body repairing itself after damage etc. 
  That sounds fantastic in principle, but it also immediately begs the question: Do we want tech like that in the hands of Google? 
 
 
*BSD General Thread  IRC: #baot @ irc.rizon.net  Resources/News: undeadly.org dragonflydigest.org freebsdnews.net  Discuss BSD, ask questions, get answers, be nice to Linux users. 
I like these operating systems, but there's honestly not much to discuss about them. 
 Sure there is, *BSD is actual UNIX while Linux is pretending to be UNIX. Free/Open/Dragonfly/Net/whatever are all solid operating systems. Personally, I prefer OpenBSD the most. 
 Oh sure, those things you can say, but they kind of go without saying.  I could discuss how I like OpenBSD for its ease of configuration and use, but this is pointless considering you can just read the FAQ and man pages for a bit. 
Thinking about replacing pfSense with OpenBSD native on my home router box. Having that old version of PF doesn't bode well with me anymore. 
  but muh web interface  Seriously, people who need a clicky interface shouldn't be setting up firewalls. 
 You really should, OpenBSD is rock solid and very secure. Ignore that FreeBSD autist and his crusade against OpenBSD. 
 I heard book of PF might be something you want to read.  Yes, there's a 248 pages long book about PF. 
I would use FreeBSD for my laptop, but I absolutely need hangouts for my conference calls and reliable desktop sharing capabilities. That's pretty much what holds me off from using it. Tried with the Linux compatibility layer but its incredibly outdated.  Hopefully more attention is taken with the desktop usage in the coming years, although it's unlikely 
Development Tools on FreeBSD – New BSD Mag Issue!  Website  
 Pretty good book. 
BSD noob here, what distro can I easily install X + some DE on top of and fool around? 
' ' 
  You mean the outdated OS from the 70s? 
 I'd say OpenBSD, it comes with X already in the base plus has an excellent WM CWM also included in the base. 
 `They're not distro's. they're not distributions of the same thing (like the linux kernel). We prefer to call them projects or descendants.   OpenBSD has good X support. If you want something more than the default 20 year old DE you can install metapackage xfce or gnome.  Also have a look at PC-BSD and GhostBSD for easy desktop OSes based on FreeBSD 
 Outdated, but still works.  Isn't it amazing? 
 Had to start somewhere right? 
 Unix is never obsolete. Also all of the code in BSD was rewritten from scratch in the 80s to 90s. It's modern code but with and old school feel 
 UNIX has been obsolete since the 90s. Plan 9 would have been a good replacement had the project not fizzled out, but that's all the past man. Just use Windows, it's good enough. 
 OpenBSD and the other *BSDs are free software, windows is not. 
 have you tried it on -current? 
 When I graduated from college and got a job I realized I didn't have enough time to tinker around with OpenBSD anymore. Open source or not, Windows gets your machine running all the software you'll ever need without much hassle. 
 You can install OpenBSD in 6 minutes, way faster than spending 20 minutes on windows and who knows how long updating it. Any additional tinkering for OpenBSD or any other BSD is up to you. 
 
Which is better for laptop use again, FreeBSD or OpenBSD? 
 lel, no its not. 
 openbsd  make sure to do a softraid crypto install 
  You may try to argue, but since you use BSD, you are not entitled to opinion. 
 If I recall, OpenBSD has the better hardware support. 
 They both have pros and cons.  Go with the one with the best hw support.  Probably puffy. 
 That says FreeBSD, which I don't use. If all you're going to do is shitpost, please leave. 
 Not entitled to opinion. 
 Go shitpost somewhere else. 
 Isnt the disk crypto support kind of iffy at the moment? Last I checked, they basically say it could break at any time and it's your fault if it does. 
 There's no official support as in there's no way to do it from the installer, but it worked well for me so far. 
 Not entitled to opinion. 
 go shitpost somewhere else 
 ' BSD: The Post™. 
  fuck off with this spam.  bsdmag is as "substance-free" as bsdnow is now. why is every news outlet becoming fluff-filled shit? 
 It's laid out well in slide 11 here. Pretty simple. I hope they add it to the installer soon, though, because even though it's only a couple small steps if it's not the default people just won't do it.  
 Very important to point out that if you don't understand those those commands mean, you should definitely learn about them before doing them. 
how tough would it be to port kvm to openbsd? 
 It's completely unnecessary.  It's getting its own hypervisor. 
 it's nontrivially difficult to attain "rock-solid" levels of security with C. 
 no way. as in hardware-accelerated virtualization? what's the project called? i googled around recently and dug up a quote by theo de raadt expressing immense disdain for vm things.  i think an openbsd host running * guests would be the perfect fusion of security and usability. 
 Are you saying OpenBSD isn't a very solid OS? because it really is. 
OpenBSD  NetBSD  shit  DragonflyBSD  FreeBSD  OSX 
 i think so too. or more aptly, that it's the most solid, relatively speaking.  in terms of type and memory safety and other compiler-automated checks, i think large pieces could and should be ported away from C into something else. maybe rust, but its borrow system hasn't been formally proven yet. 
  All of the code in Linux was written from scratch in the first place. 
 And? 
 And even then BSD sucks because it is a port.  
    
 So what's FreeBSD's problem anyway? Coming from a Linux background I always thought that was the major player on the "other side", is it a kitchen sink sort of deal? 
 FreeBSD devs don't really put a lot of focus on desktop use, it's okay but OpenBSD would probably work better for most users. It's really popular for web servers though and it has found a niche in set top boxes, game consoles and other embedded applications. 
What do you guys think about nosh?   
 how to? 
 someone needs to update the bsd sections on the /g/ wiki 
 Agreed, only FreeBSD has its own dedicated article. Open/Net/DragonflyBSD and maybe PC-BSD and Darwin need their own articles. 
 Yeah I've been considering FreeBSD for my upcoming fileserver whenever I manage to decide on its specs... Cool to hear OpenBSD is working well for desktop use, I'd gotten the impression it was for tinfoil hatters only. How's comprehensive is its collection of packages? 
 I'm pretty sure FreeBSD has more packages especially pre-compiled binary packages but I cannot find a number for for either OS. You'll be able to find most popular applications on either though and you can always compile from source if you have to. 
 Didn't know OpenBSD did have binary packages, that's neat! FreeBSD got those fairly recently... Going to go look up Open's packaging guidelines, I really prefer integrating everything with the package manager instead of juggling software installs manually. Starting to sound real good though, maybe something to migrate the laptop to over Christmas 
 yeah openbsd has pkg_add, pkg_delete, pkg_info, and pkg_create for managing binary packages. You do have to set up an environment variable so the package managers knows where to find packages though  Something like: export PKG_PATH=-r)/packages/$(machine -a)/   
  lol what a hole, blakkheim is a genuinely diagnosis-tier autistic and retarded. 
 PC-BSD is FreeBSD though. 
 fine, then PC-BSD will be given its own section of the FreeBSD article. Should we still give darwin and its derivatives like opendarwin and puredarwin its own article? 
i have a openbsd desktop and have darwin on my laptop, can i be in the club? 
 Of course. Do you use a DE on OpenBSD? 
 not a chance, i3 
what is the arch wiki equivalent in the bsd world With linux distros, every one is based on different thing, tons of derivatives, and many unique features (package managers, repos, user bases). How different is bsd, are all the flavors of bsd unified in these aspects but just used for different end goals 
 if you select a mirror while installing openbsd, the newly installed system will use the same mirror for packages (it creates /etc/pkg.conf) 
 documentation is pretty centralized in bsd land. all of openbsd's documentation is either in the manpages or on the website/faq. most/all of freebsd's documentation is either in the manpages or on the website/handbook. etc. 
can I use Linux emulation to run Wine and get shitty performance on muh gaymes? 
 Oh that's good, I usually use the installer disc base packages so I don't set it until post-install.    The BSDs try to keep the man pages as informative as possible so it's not always necessary to consult the internet. Each individual BSD has pretty extensive documentation on their site also. 
  Each project is fully autonomous, what happens in one project has little to no effect on the others. Usually you'll have to recompile code if it comes from another BSD, they're different operating systems with different system calls for the most part. The common name is just a traditional thing I guess.   NetBSD and FreeBSD were started at just about the same time and they share a common ancestor 4.4BSD Lite but each OS has about 20 years worth of code that separate them. OpenBSD was forked from NetBSD like 2 years later, it was started by one of the lead NetBSD devs because he didn't get along with the community. DragonflyBSD was forked from FreeBSD 4.X with a focus on improving multiprocessor performance. FreeBSD devs believed the work in DragonflyBSD wasn't suitable for upstream so DragonflyBSD dev made his own branch. 
 which flavor has the biggest user base, and with which do linux users usually lose their bsd virginity with 
 If 386BSD had been available when I started on Linux, Linux would probably never had happened. --Linus Torvalds 
 It's hard to really measure but generally people start on freebsd so it's likely the most popular with openbsd being distant second, and third and fourth are close between netbsd and dragonflybsd. It's hard to really pin down their ranks though because people can use more than one computer and even multiboot. 
openbsd is slow  t. openbsd user 
 OpenBSD. XFCE and Fluxbox both work great on it. I hear KDE does as well, but Gnome doesn't, but I don't like either anyway so I've never tried.  Just understand that with OpenBSD, you are pretty much on your own. The Handbook is nearly perfect, and can tell you anything you want to know about the OS, and a lot more. The book "Absolute OpenBSD" is also great, and aimed at beginners.   Beyond that, the devs are rather infamous for their complete lack of social skills. The OS exists because Theo de Raadt was booted from NetBSD because of how much of an asshole he is. Don't go to the Mailing List expecting any kind of tech support (if you have to ask...) because the only help you'll get is directions on how to find your way back to Windows or Linux. If you're merely told to read the fucking manual, that's them being unusually nice, and you really should do it, because it really is that good, and it won't CAPS LOCK at you, or call you names. 
I'm doing zxfer on my machine. I am trying to transfer all of my snapshots into another zfs system. I did Everything to chow,  chmod777, zfs allow the goddamm file still when I zxfer this thing spits out permission denied on destination fil system 
 I've only had problems with HTML5 video playback.  And that was on a VM so yeah. 
 i cant watch youtube.  i am on a T61 though, but this used to work fine under xubuntu. 
 Yeah that's what I'm saying.  Is your laptop 32-bit? I think the devs may have capped the performance for the 32-bit laptops, it can be changed though. 
 yeah im using 32bit 
 Then you may have to change one of the sysctl variables.  I think it began either with hw or kern, but unfortunately I can't remember which one it was. 
 thanks for the information I didn't know about this at all. I will look into it now. 
 You may also want to take a long at apm(8) for more power management utilities.  Make sure the apmd daemon is on. 
Has anyone here used Arch BSD (Pac BSD)? If so, what are your thoughts?  Is it worth looking into? 
 I've never used it but it doesn't really seem to offer much advantages over Arch Linux or FreeBSD. I guess if you want jails and ZFS then it's an option but those are server-ish features and arch is a rolling OS which isn't really ideal for servers. 
 but likewise, they have managed to make a very solid and secure OS so it has its pros and cons. They just don't tolerate bullshit you can figure out on your own with a very detailed manual. 
  ' wat do 
 stop using meme hardware 
 My first thought is pf is blocking it. Although since they can connect to it that might indicate a problem with how you configured your audio hardware or mumble itself. 
bump 
BumpSD 
BaStarDen 
Can someone tell us /g/tards what would be the best laptop(s) to run BSD on? 
   
   ' 
 idk wtf is wrong with me  But I'm tired all the time.  Okay, I could do more about seeing if sound will work on this one laptop I installed FreeBSD on, and if the laptop I installed OpenBSD on is really a good laptop for it. 
    You don't sleep enough, and also keep vampire hours. 
 Okay, that might be wtf is wrong with me. 
Should I expect to have to compile a lot of stuff if I use OpenBSD?  I tried FreeBSD once but all the binary packages were compiled with minimal support for anything. I don't mind compiling a few things but not everything (e.g. I had to compile Qt with GTK theme support) 
What can you do in *BSD's that you can't do in Linux? 
 Openbsd runs amazingly on thinkpads. 
 run bsd binaries natively? 
 Running something like netflix' network. 
 Experience true UNIX 
 How compatible with OpenBSD with libreboot? I want to get one of those thinkpads (x200 for example) and make it into a libre thinkpad. Is OpenBSD compatible with libreboot? 
 Do you have anything to say that resembles intelligence or are you just going to shitpost? 
 It's not. For real.  was interested in libreboot at first but there are so many gotchas w/r/t compatibility that it doesn't seem worth it at the moment. 
  Windows.  Linux. 
 The whole backdoors in OpenBSD is a meme. The alleged backdoor was put in around 2000-2001 by ex-developers, those are the ones who allegedly got paid, not the modern team. The entire team independently reviewed it and nobody found it. Anyone who is spouting the meme out is either shitposting or spreading FUD about OpenBSD. 
 
What can it do that Linux cannay? I'm curious. Why use it instead of industry level stuff like suse or red hat? 
 You can tip fedoras with 14%* more euphoria.  
 windows is based on 1980's code also, anon 
  bwhahahahaha 
  just like you prefer to have your own definition of "blob"? 
 underrated 
  A New OpenBSD Innovation!™ top c᠎uck 
 "int main() {}" is very solid too 
Why are all BSD threads full of memes?       This is brilliant    This one is genius       I love this one    I mean, you can't make this shit up. This is /g/ comedy gold. 
 I highly doubt the implication that every device firmware in your computer is FLOSS. This is what's required to be blob free according to the FSF definition. Very few practically useful operating systems follow this reasoning. 
 *loadable* device firmware! the firmware in a ROM chip is considered part of the hardware loadable firmware otoh must be free software. 
Hey /g/, which mouse should I get: Razer DeathAdder 2013 or Logitech G502? 
 Whatever isn't pick related, although it's worth mentioning the DeathAdder will serve you well for about six months before the tracking loses responsiveness.  Other options? 
g502 
 I do not know any gaming mice at this price, but I could use some suggestions. 
g502 is made for dwarves 
DeathAdder is great 
 what happens to the responsiveness?  had a deathadder black and never noticed any issues except with the coating wearing off or the braided cable fraying 
 Zowie EC1-A and Zowie EC2-A are good but are near $70 
 only if you are a palm grip sperglord 
The g502 is very nice, but depending on the way you hold it, there's a thumb button that can really be annoying. I use the fingertip grip, which works great for this mouse. Side button placement could be way better though, I only use the one closest to me to reload in FPS', the other one being too far from my thumb 
 Also I feel this mouse was designed for palm grip, but having the thumb rest on a button feels horrible for me. 
Mionix Castor. 
G502 
 I am going to use this thread to ask this - which mouse should i get for small hands and a claw/fingertip hybrid grip? I only care about decent mouse shape and the best possible sensor. I was thinking of g303 but those rattling sensor issues kinda worry me. I have the old xornet right now but the sensor is shit and the mouse is too wide for me. 
 Ordered the Mionix Naos 7000 myself, heard a lot good things about it, so I'll hope I will like it, or hopefully understand that I don't like it in two days, so I can return it before christmas 75 euros aren't really a small amount for a mouse, for me 
 I have that type of handsize/grip style and I've found the Logitech G303 seems to work fine 
  Both shit. Zowie EC2-A masterrace. 
 Did you get a unit with that sensor issue? 
Are there any decent mouse under 30 bucks?  Don't need to super gaming shit. Just a wired mouse with two  or more buttons on the side. 
How much did i fucked up?       
Steelseries Rival 
 In those price brackets, practically buy anything that looks decent and feels not shit ACME offers 5 year warranty, but afaik, they're not very worldwide, might be wrong though 
 just picked up an anker vertical mouse for $13. its kind of an ergo one but its surprisingly good at that price point. 
 i've had two different deathadders start phantom double clicking within a year or so of purchase. pretty garbage for what they cost. haven't tried logitech yet. 
look at this fucking G502 render  
 Every Razer product I have ever used breaks within 1-2 years.   Every Logitech product I have ever used breaks every 10 years (if at all). I know people who still use their MX 518.  But I wouldn't get either, Logitech really fucked up with their gaymer campaign. But knowing someone who uses a G402, the new Logitech mice are still as good as ever, but look like a goat's hoof. 
 I am buying my first mouse.. can I get some recommendations?  I am cool with paying more for something that is reliable and / or has a good manufacture warranty. 
 MX518 was godsend. The new logitech mices look like they are for 12yo who like a spaceship design and cramped layout 
 Pay the extra 23$ and get the naga. 
 Logitech, Zowie, or Corsair (though some Corsair mice are shit, do your research).  Most people use the FK 2 here, but you could always go for the Elder God mouse of all time, ever.  The Microsoft IntelliMouse Optical 1.1.  Also fuck SteelSeries. 
 ShitSeries Rival 300 is pretty good as I've heard Mionix Naos 7000 too Logitech make pretty good mice too (G502, G402, G303 and others) but their looks are atrocious 
  Are you really asking? G502 of course 
   
  NIN  Holy trinity of /g/aming  Nvidia Intel Naga  All you needs plebs to be a real /g/amer 
 reasons? not OP, currently own a DeathAdder 2013 
 kek 
  had a G500 and moved to a deathaddder 2013 2 years ago, I loved the g500 and love the deathadder which is still working perfectly, personally prefer the deathadder but logitech makes a solid product 
 bump 
 Why did razer need to fuck up the scroll wheel on the deathadder? 
 I just like it personally, has buttons that I can use for mom's and it's a little heavier then the deathadder and not as huge. 
 I can honestly say I haven't had that issue cause I don't grip it tightly. 
g502 is the "best" hardware on the market current most accurate sensor, least delay on clicks, amazing quality-of-life (for office tasks) free scrolling wheel it's ugly and feels like shit though  your hands can adjust to basically any tool with enough exposure, but g502's shell is just retarded 
 this. fucking spaceship design with "sniper" button. they should put a g502 in a g100s shell or respawn the MX518. 
   ''  
 I like the scroll wheel, I mainly play counterstrike with that mouse and bhop a lot(all scrollwheel), never had a problem with it 
  That looks like my dream mouse.  Shame it's so damn expensive. 
 
 okay, that clarification is helpful for instance if I -dont play games that need 10 macro binds -have large hands  I will agree that the deathadder is slighlty too light, but i got used to it 
   Haven't they done that like 3 times? Last time I cheeked pretty much all of them were awful or expensive as fuck though. 
 mine gets loud as fuck while scrolling, very annoying at surfing 
 Yes but the g400s also has been discontinued. 
 hmm, not mine.  I feel like I hit the winning number in the lotto of DeathAdder build quality  the only problem I've had is buildup of the gross skin, oils, sweat, food, grease and dust that comes from using your mouse while eating. It made one of my side buttons stick but i just used a q-tip with isopropyl alcohol and cleaned the gunk off 
My death adder 2013 started double clicking within 3 months. Been using the Corsair Raptor m45 since. 
 as a current owner of a Razer DeathAdder 2013, i say go with the logitech one 
try to get your hands on the discontinued g400s or even better g400   (best mice of all time) 
 Maybe try an intellimouse. Good sensor and as long as its not the 1st gen, it has 2 side buttons. 
  they were better in terms of performance 
hey guys, i had a similar question so i guess ill just use this thread rather than makeing another  I want a mouse (preferably white) that is decent but cheap. something better than the generic Logitech B100 i have. dont like Razer or MadCatz. dont care about lights, dont care about weights, but preferably id like something big and a bit heavy  Are any of these good ? 
  Racist prick! 
IMHO the best mice are:       
Don't buy a mionix castor unless you have girl/dwarf hands. The mouse is too fucking small and the back is too low.  Ergonomics my ass. 
G502 is actually a really good productivity mouse and I would use it over the MX Master, I don't even play games. I bind the keys to switch desktops, volume adjust, change tracks, align windows. No more fiddling with awkward keyboard combinations. 
Buy a G400s, they're still like $60 on Jewegg and totally worth it. 
/thread 
Rival 
 zowie za11 
 if you don't mind chinese plastics poisoning you 
g500s 
 Thermaltake Talon blu 
 lol I've got this mouse. for the $15 it's pretty good. My pinky and ring finger sorta sit awkwardly off the edge which is a bit uncomfortable, but for that cheap what can ya do. 
how's the CM Storm Mizar? 
g502 a good, i have it and i like it, i'd like the same mouse witouth these buttons at this place tho, too easy to click them, but it's a small issue 
Don't mind me. Best mouse just coming through. 
 I got the 502 recently as well, I love the scroll wheel and the programable buttons. I find it pretty decent for lazily browsing with one hand as well when you program the default profile to your liking.  Its got lua scripting for macros as well which is pretty neat, I'd like to play around with that sometime.  But button placement is a little irritating, the front button next to the LMB you have highlighted is perfect for me, the one behind it is a pain in the ass to click, have to use the middle section under the knuckle of my index and it is hit and miss.  The side forward and backward buttons on the side next to your thumb are hard to access, I wish they pushed them forward some more.  The sniper button is infuriating, very little resistance it is so easy to misclick when moving my mouse since my thumb rests on it.  The sniper button should have some added resistance to it. 
 oh and the wieght system sucks complete ass, no matter how hard I tried to push the weights into their sockets (and yes I put them in the right spots)  The door never manages to close flush so the mouse always ends up scraping the mouse pad.  Luckily I don't use wieghts anyway, if anything I find th emouse too heavy. Plus more wieght adds more friction increasing wear. 
 yeah, i removed all the weights too, still a bit heavy for me, its ok tho  any other mice around that are for large hands? (quality ones) 
 I don't know this is the first first mouse over $10 I've bought.  I was eying the cougar 700m, it was a fair bit more expensive but the adjustable palm pad is nice and the wieghts are easily added at the top.  The larger number of buttons, insane dpi that I would never use unless perhaps if I get into 4k, and free scrolling wheel are what lured me to get the G502 since it was so cheap for what it offered.  The RAT7 is hella expensive but being able to extensively adjust its ergonomics could be neat.  Was tempted to grab a steel series vengance or sensei becuase they look so comfy. But they were out of stock at my local hardware store. 
I like the deathadder ergonomy but the performances are overkill for my need (I am doing just fine with a 12 years old mouse, except I am afraid of carpal syndrom due to bad ergonomy). Also, I feel like I'm paying for having an edgy gaymen logo on my device.  Is there some mouse out there that have a similar shape and size but much cheaper? 
Original Naga is best Naga. Mine still going.   I prefer the 402. 
I have a g502. Girlfriend used my pc for two weeks while hers was rebuilt, and asked for the same kind of mouse for xmas. Yes, it is my best mouse purchase so far. The worst being the MX Revolution. 
Pic related is the comfiest mouse I've ever used. Too bad they no longer make mice with that shape. 
 how much longer until a better mouse comes out and g502 is relegated to meme status and everyone suddenly hates it. 
Logitech: I dont think I've ever had a logitech product break on me....literally even headsets that are 10 years old and abused to hell because I dont even use them anymore still work.  Razer: I was purchased one Razer Naga back in like 2011...every year it breaks, and I send it in for RMA. I am going on my 4th Naga once it arrives this month. Absolute shit product, but the RMA/ customer service is good. they pay for shipping.  Go with logitech. easier than waiting for shit razer to break....but I give it to them for being so responsible in realizing their products suck and willingness to send me one every year without question. 
So I made a guest account on my computer so friends etc wont fuck around on my PC but I cant really find where I set the permissions. Like they are allowed to open a browser and go to youtube and play games, but where do I set the permissions? 
  
 What permissions do you want to set? They can't install shit. What else are you worried about? 
 seeing my files and being able to ruin savegames or browser history etc 
 By default, a guest account shouldn't be able to write anything outside User/Guest or read anything in other user folders. 
 has it"    projected"      
 i just go to work and use internet2 
so it was all just a publicity stunt. that's a shame. 
Austin's network was significantly delayed by ATT, who threw the legal equivalent of a blithering foaming-at-the-mouth tantrum, appalled that Austin would dare grant a competitor utility right of way.  At least Time Warner pissed their pants in fear and gave me 300Mbps. 
  '  I'm not complaining because at the very least it's putting fear in ISPs. 
Our Australian new internet will be here within the next 5 years. Guaranteed 20mbps down and 5mbps up! It will be worth the $100 billion. 
 why are American ISPs so bad 
 Dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb. 
  you've had FIOS for over a decade faggot 
 but goy you want inexpensive internet! 
  Even if you're google, that shit will slow you down. Cut them some slack. 
  muh free market, muh competition" t uverse $65 for a 12 Mbps connection  Why do I live in this shit state again? I was thinking about moving to Austin for Google fiber but it looks like there's no hope there, either. Is the only place with good internet fucking Chattanooga? 
 They got hung up, but it did what google wanted anyways. The ISPs in Austin started offering better speeds. Also, rental/housing in Austin is really high anyways since a million people are moving in. 
   Why would the government be finding a private ISP? Is this a normal thing? 
 fios hasn't expanded in 10 years, they're only in a few places in ny. 
 yes, the telecom industry in the US is fucked, tax breaks for uncompleted projects, etc. 
I'm from Kansas City and a lot of people have it here and its pretty cool 
   
 This. I heard from family in Texas that ISP's around the Austin area pulled spaghetti from their pockets and gave out free "upgrades" when they heard Google Fiber was coming to town.   Did Google just pull a Elon Musk to provoke ISPs into not stagnating anymore? 
 Thats because Google only does things to 80% before they stop caring. I am in KC and its the exact same thing. Lets rollout in new cities before finishing the old ones... 
 Currently live in Chattanooga. Pay about $65 per month for 100Mbps down and up. Another $10 would get me gigabit, and $300 per month gets some insane speed, can't remember if it was 300 gigabit 
 You know how Burgerland works by now. Get rich or get fucked. 
 Damn that's nice.  I'm paying almost what your paying for an absolute shit tier satellite connection. Apt complex here had a monopoly, can't use anything but their service.   Whatever people's thoughts about Google I am happy they are at least storing the pot. Wasn't long ago ppl were talking about severe data caps and possibly the death of Netflix and now we got isps giving huge free upgrades to ppl when Google just looks in thier area. Giving greedy bastards. 
 I'm one of the apartments with it :^) 
 ISPs are all recipients of various government subsidies, allegedly to help them recover the costs associated with keeping the American telecommunications infrastructure intact. Of course this is a fucking joke, since our internet speeds are fucking slow as shit. 
  I mean, given the size of our country, and the average internet speed, we're doing fairly well DESU. When a country is smaller than the size of one of our fucking states, with less population to match, it ain't difficult to have great internet. You're providing infrastructure to less people in a smaller space. 
  
 Fuck those retards turnbull and abbott  Could've had fucking fibre for half the country by now for the same fucking cost 
Comes here in 1 month. I can't fucking wait.  I don't even know how im going to handle all that speed. It's mainly those godly upload speeds im oozing over.  So many things I always wanted to do fff 
I am pretty close to the GFiber rollout. Most of the infrastructure where Google plans to host their shit is not completed yet. Its also, obviously, a very thorough operation with lots of third parties involved all needing to come together to make it fully work. If you saw the equipment needed for the backend, you'd shit yourself. 
HYPE 
  That's happening in any city that has a selective implementation of gigabit lines.  Take Seattle for example. A lot of the Amazon boom apartments got gigabit through a service called CondoNet. The City of Seattle granted CondoNet permits for only a few "high development" projects as a test run.  Guess what? CondoNet couldn't sustain itself and got bought by Wave (Northwest's version of Time Warner). Almost all development on their network is halted and Seattle just had to renegotiate rights to Comcast because some of the wires were not installed properly and began failing. 
   More or less, yes. 
 you don't need 95% profit margins to run a stable infrastructure sempai 
  luckily i think there's another small isp around here offering fiber 
             '  I fucking hate this obfuscating bullshit.  Marketing material designed entirely to give an *impression* of availability and corporate strength, and maybe drive you into marketing channels if you're a big enough customer, but zero actual information. 
 muh free market, muh competition"  That's particularly hilarious.  Bandwidth is the infrastructure of the 21st century.  You want tons of jobs in your state thanks to the new Internet economy?  Build out tons of communication infrastructure.  Forget about the meager gains from telecoms, reap the benefits of wider employment and new markets.  But hey, we're a country with a crumbling road infrastructure, so whatever.  Let's all just vote to get as many kickbacks from big ISPs as possible before the whole ship sinks. 
 I wish austin didn't exist.  My company (in silicon valley) got bought by a company based in austin and basically the entire IT department is in austin now.  And those stupid austin fucks don't believe in things like SANs or clustering virtual hosts so every virtual host is running as a single node using fucking local storage.    Fuck it I'm leaving. 
  
    What the fuck are you smoking nigga? 
 This kind of shit is what you freetards will never understand. Infrastructure takes billions if not trillions of dollars to develop. You need big companies like Comcast who can take the short term costs associated with installing physical lines in order to ensure that everyone has access. Without capitalism the internet would fade away. 
   You mean the big companies that only agree to service an area if they're given a long-term exclusive rights contract by the municipality?  Then, when they've squeezed all they can out of every citizen possible, when people demand more for their dollar, decades after their investment has been paid off multiple times over, they cry about free markets?    Without government lock-in contracts, land rights grants, and subsidies, these half-assed fat-as-bacon companies might have to actually do things like be competitive. 
    People like you enable their bad behavior with your ancap garbage. 
  Why are some cities in the US opting to lay their own fiber if it costs trillions of dollars? Comcast aint gonna do shit unless they're challenged to get off their ass and make improvements. 
Only took 2.5 years of waiting.  I literally have no need for this speed. 
Why do people trust google? What makes everyone think they aren't doing exactly what ATT did with room 641A?  Google lays the network, taps the network and stores the information in the NSA's Utah data centre.  Fuck google. 
 'T did with room 641A?  Every single telecom in America has a room like that. It is a de facto legal requirement in the US. 
 
  
 I lol'd. Then got sad again 
 Yeah nah. They're shit cunts, but the NBN was never going to cost 40billion. Fucking stupid of the government to promise us that. 
  Thanks OP for crushing my only hope to rid myself of Comcast in the near future. 
 I wonder if Google will install cameras in people's bathrooms in exchange for free Gigabit Internet. 
   
i hate google but in fairness they are building an entire ISP from scratch. huge difference between that and incumbents lighting dark fiber they were sitting on just because 'damn it, competition'.  plus real estate/rent in and near austin is sky high ridiculously priced to begin with - google fiber or not. so thats unrelated.  what theyre doing is good for the consumer in the end. even if indirectly. its about time our bandwidth capability is brought into this century. hell even half of what they promise is good with me.  people always find reasons to whine 
  Columbus is spending loads of money installing fiber all over the city    Kill me now   
 Sounds about right. Cleveland here - stuck with crap time warner.  Supposedly ATT and considering bringing their 'gigapower' service here, that would be nice. 
 Dallas is the only city that matters, Austinfag 
 ' I didn't believe just how bad the roads were in the US until I went there.  Even Poo2Loo India has a better, cleaner road system. 
 The reason Ohio is wired up the ass with bandwidth is because there's so many spook spots. They can't have a secret facility and then put "CIA datacenter" on their bandwidth application. The government moved heaven and earth to make sure the required bandwidth was there and it's not at all because of the rolly polly round faced locals. It's because Dayton-Canton is packed with people who work for "the family". 
 That depends on the state. If you go to Pennsylvania you'll see shit roads that are under construction 24/7/365. If you go to Virginia the roads are generally very smooth. 
 Romanian here can confirm  I have a 500Mb connection for which i pay $11 per month. The 1TB one was $13... 
 1Gb* 
 
 class="quote">/g/ wiki headphone FAQ: class="quote">Previous thread:  
Friendly reminder to add your guides to the wiki 
 Can anyone else confirm? 
 Filtered. 
 Do you want open headphones, they are good choices, especially the HD558 which is commonly recommended here. 
 Filtered. 
 i have a pair should i do the foam mod? 
 if she was just a little less thick itd be really cute 
 Filtered. 
The HD598s have more than enough bass  This statement is true for everyone who isn't a nigger  Are you a nigger? 
 What's it like being a fag? 
 In what world is rolled off bass that isn't near the normalized level "more than enough". Are you a 70 year old classical fanatic? 
 stick to pedo or something, it makes more sense, but still doesnt actually make sense 
 loli is for casuals. 
 which headphones represent a normalized level of bass? 
 Did hear open headphones are good if you wanted to hear from what direction something came from in-game.  Seems like the Philips ones aren't sold here anymore. The ad900x is 499 euro's here. That leaves the Senheiser to be on the top.  They look hidious, but I guess you can't have everything, and I won't be walking with these things outside anyway. Just on my desktop and on the go with the laptop. Peformance is more important.  So, any other models that you recomment? If not, I'm looking into these already. 
 brainwavz hm5 
 Filtered 
 HE-400i, LCD2, HE-560, LCD3 
    The hell does that mean 
 Filtered. 
   i get what you think but they dont really count. 99.9% of the headphones people wear are dynamics. i want what normalized bass looks like on dynamics 
 Filtered 
 DT880/HD800 are probably the closest you'll get in open dynamics. 
 i didnt say i liked lolis, i said it would make more sense to say i was one rather than being gay at least your logic is refining a little bit i guess 
 I like my V-Moda Crossfade LP2's, but won 'em in a contest. So far they hold up better than the Bose SoundLink bluetooth ones I got as a gift.  I will warn you, they don't need much in the way of driving. '10' in Windows Audio is almost too loud. 
      Samefag 
 really 880s? i guess i love bass a lot then, because i have them and consider them pretty much no bass. well it's there but... yeah im biased 
   
 It certainly isn't 'lacking' but headphones like the 990 and HD800 have more emphasis on midbass so it's hard to call it neutral or normalized. 
 lel 
 IF chart showing a quite different story 
 It varies. 
  every fucking time 
 IF boosts the midrange zone a bit. Not that Marv uses an anatomical mounting or anything. 
 6-8khz is much worse than 9khz for a treble spike to be fair. The most painful sibilance comes from there. But again, it varies from headphone to headphone and basing opinions on very specific parts of graphs is pretty stupid when you consider how much variance there is in just the graphs posted alone. 
 it also depends from person to person. to me, 5-6k is terribly bad if too high. 
 Of course, but for example if someone were to say "The DT880 are terrible headphones because they have a huge spike at 9KHz!".. Well, Marv's graph clearly shows a spike at 8KHz and a lesser one at 6KHz instead. Plus what about this newer DT880 measurement from Goldenears? (There hasn't been any changes To the DT880 at all, so it's not a revision or anything. Tyll got a similar measurement with the 32ohm model he had) 
 yeah im not in that argument. ive never had any problems with treble on my 880s purchased 2 years ago, lovem through and through 
 I've been wondering how GE makes measurements of headphones for a while, but variance is common and normal. 
  Correction, MDR V600's  They sound pretty nice, so I'm pretty happy with them.  Dunno why I thought they were MDRV6s 
 
  This is wrong, those planars are bass heavy, sure the bass output is flat but the rest of the spectrum is not flat.  Closest thing to actual flat bass would be Etymotic ER-4B/S. 
 ' Fuck off retard. 
 He asked for normalized levels of bass, retard.  Educate yourself. 
 not that guy, but i dont know what thats supposed to mean. does it mean bass that even with the rest of the spectrum or just an average amount of bass that people want? 
 Just stop posting, retard. 
 Bass even with the rest of the spectrum.  Why? I'm far more knowledgeable than you, retard. 
 ' Go back to head-fi. 
  Rolloff, gets trumped by the Opus 1.     There's the definition. Even so, Hifimans aren't nearly as dark as the Audezes. Bass is even. 
 Nah, kid.  Opus 1 can be classified as bass biased on a DF target. 
 I don't really consider it that way since resistive damping takes care of that. Not even worth considering a mod since a simple in-line attenuator does it. 
 Fair enough.  Still got my old-ass UE 100ohm adapter. 
Fostex TH-X00 must be blunder of the century...like 10 units went on sale on headfi for sale forum today 
Hey guys I need new full-sized headphones and could use some suggestions. US  My budget is 150$ or less. I'll be plugging them into the ACM of my Sound Blaster Zx. Most important thing is a comfortable headband, last few headsets i've had really dug into the top of my head giving me headaches so nice cushioning at the top of the head is important. I wear glasses so the cushioning and pressure around the ears needs to be somewhat soft. I need them to be closed-back as well.  Preferably nice audio quality for music/gaming but as long as they can make good use of my sound card and are very comfortable thats all I want. thanks in advance 
 DT770 
HE 6 HE 560  LCD 2  Whatever you use. 
 SR-007  HE 6  HE-560 ≥ HE-400i  LCD 2  Whatever you use  HD800 
just ordered Xiaomi Piston 3s off amazon.ca  did i do good 
 GVD neger koop gwn die 558's godnondejuu 
i moved into an apartment and i cant enjoy my hd800 as much. should i trade it for SE846 or roxanne 
 Why can't they just recreate the D2000 with Fostex branding?    HD600  * 
  Roxanne (put on the red light) Roxanne (put on the red light) Roxanne (put on the red light) Roxanne (put on the red light) Roxanne (put on the red light) 
 Why would you get either? What's stopping you from using headphones? It's just an apartment. 
 Nice quads, some apartments feature paper thin walls, I swear if I hit my wall really hard with my foot, it'll break into my neighbors' room.  I've even heard some people get kinky at times :^)   Get closed headphones. 
 because i want complete isolation. i could hear people coming in and out every now and then with it on 
 well then iems are not the way to go. get closed headphones boo boo also street name captcha i died for your sins 
What's the cheapest "I just want to plug in to the USB port on my keyboard" DAC? I want a tiny one for my brother so he doesn't have to use the shitty front 3.5mm port in the front of his old PC. Has to sound decent. 
 Lolno 
 hifimediy sabre dac 
 Lolyes  The only way to objectively quantify headphone performance is via measurements.  The HD600 outperforms your shitty boutique products for a fraction of the price. Stay mad. 
 Thin walls. Although, even though my walls are somewhat thicker, they can't block out airplane traffic. I doubt either IEM is what you are looking for from HD800, but what are you aiming for in an IEM?   Not sure a normal keyboard would have the power. 
 sorry I played your voice in text to speech on my hd600s and couldnt hear you . can you repeat that? 
  Don't kid yourself, retard. Everyone is already well aware of the HD600's terrible driver matching as it is, there'es literally as much variance in their individual driver response as there is between the HD600 and HD598. 
   Back to Head-Fi. 
 hes denying measurements for the hd600 specifically because the driver matching is bad 
   kek  not as shit as DT880's driver matching though 
 Still seems rather pricey for what it is. Looks good though!    It's one of those usb keyboards that has a separate usb cable for the usb hub. I think it should power it normally. Plus the headphones he has are efficient. 
    They're both bad. 
 why are you trying to make fun of me for insulting a headphone do you perhaps own said headphone 
 The HD600 shills can't even afford something welfare level like HD600s, they just grab tight to their HD558s and praise them as a little brother to the 'godly' HD600 as praising the latter makes them feel better about what they own. 
 can someone explain this? 
How shitty would something like this sound? It's only $8 
is soundstage a meme or does it really help in games? 
 It's a meme. Peripherals won't help you in games, being good at them will. 
 i have that its fucked and made everyhing like 10x louder. I have the volume at like  6 now and anything more than 20 my ears fall off. think the quality is the same though 
I bought a pair of PSB M4U 2 headphones yesterday, they sound brilliant, however when active noise canceling is switched on my phone won't recognize them as headphones.  anyone know anything about this? 
 yeah great purchase dude those headphones are amazing 
 thinking of getting the clone of these how are they? I heard the soundstage is good (for closed headphones) is it actually that good? 
 they're already clones 
 Yes, it's super easy. While you're at it. Take out the lock ring and get a momentum cable for them if you aren't using the huge one it comes with. 
 yeah man, they sound so good! pretty heavy though, but thats fine! Paid $350AUD 
 My 5.1 headphones help more in csgo than stereo. Nerd. 
 Keep it up lil pubrand. 
 I agree with this. While there is sort of a lack of sub bass, most genres you can't even notice. They are pretty good, they have just been panned by people who've never owned either the 558/598 who listened to the furfag beyershill. 
 Bit late for damage control there, veilshill. It's pretty pathetic how you guys are so desperate to appear 'correct' on an anonymous imageboard. 
 I wouldn't trust any measurement with that amount of channel imbalance no matter the source. 
 Guess HD600 measurements are out of the question then. What will the HD600 shills use to perpetuate their meme headphone shilling now? 
 '    '  '   '      Well, I think it's time to stop this audio fidelity shit. I'm think I'm going insane from headphones. I mean, for a moment I thought it be better for my ears to be messed up, instead of my headphones.  I don't think I'm psychologically cut out for this. I should get myself checked for autism  Site btw    
 Fucking weeaboo 
 400 AUD / 289 USD   Australia   Computer   Full sized   Closed   Preferably comfortable but if there's far superior sound quality then I'll take it over the comfort   Old-school hip hop, stuff like: class="quote">Past headphones Shitty gaymur stuff like the Gamecom 780s when I believed in the headset meme, now I just want a solid set of headphones that I can whack a mic o 
  so rolled off? lol, enjoy your hearing aid. 
 where would you buy them? amazon.com.au doesnt have shit and i dont know where to look for prices 
 probably some extra electricity being sent back to the phone so that it thinks something changed or it was removed when you turn ANC on. try turning it on unplugged and then plugging it in. I got the hp50 which was made by the same buy and they have a similar sound, really enjoying them. 
 Probably pc case gear or just get them shipped from burgerland 
 For Australia, there's basically only minidisc and addictedtoaudio. 
 oh you can just order shit right off amazon.com the american website? 
 some stuff yeah but it can be hit and miss. 
 ok check out akg k550 
 HD598 are good 
 Kill me 
  
 Minidisc has really good prices on the HD600/650/800 
Where do you keep your headphone wire when having it connected to a computer? I used to be able to run it under my keyboard before, but after the switch I no longer have room there for the wire and it keeps getting in the way no matter what I do. 
   This dosen't make me feel exclusive, it just hurts. 
Should I fiddle with the equalizer ? I have HD558, using them from onboard sound 
 There's nothing you can do to make those sound good, sorry. 
 subjective Can I make them sound better ? 
 Nothing will remove that mud. 
 I cancel it out with my super clean ears 
Anyone know good earphones around £30? UK citizen here, just lost a pair and looking to find a better replacement. Preferably would like noise cancelling ones, but I don't £30 will cover that 
 What exactly are you looking for? I cant think of much below £30 in the uk other than some decent IEM, try filling in the request guide it may help. 
 Small in-ear earphones Good sound quality Noise cancelling if possible Had seinheiser before, didn't like how the wire was made Priced between £30-£50 Open to any brand recommendations 
 The sound magic e10's are pretty good and you can get them from amazon for £30, I have seen them about for less. Got a pair myself and they are the best IEM that I have owned. Heard a number of people praising the xiami pistons aswell but I havent tried them myself. If you want to do some more research there are some decent resources on IEM in the wiki. 
  X2  K7XX  Sennheiser HD  planar memes and obscure brands 
Beyerkeks Snapheisers  Glorious AKG master race 
No one ever talks about grados around here, are they that bad?  Super uncomfortable? Treble blasters?   I've always been interested in them, especially since they're made in the U.S. 
q701, DT880 or Hd600? I'm coming from Koss Porta pro I live in Canada. Also open to other suggestions in the same price range. 
 Treble cannons. But they use the same driver in pretty much every model so are still a popular choice for modding and stuff. But if I was going down that path, I'd rather just toy around with some old orthos for the same price. 
 You can probably get a used 650 for around the price of a new 600. It will have a closer signature to the Portapro being darker and more bass heavy. 
 Hd600 is personally my favourite out of those 3 
 Boosted treble and midbass, poor bandwidth and generally poor fidelity. They are uncomfortable too. Get the cheapest ones SR60 or whatever they are if you want Grados. There is next to no reason paying for the higher end models. 
 HD 600 but like  said the HD 650 might be more to your liking if a more bassy sound like PortaPros is what you prefer. 
 
Is the Nexus 4 still worth buying? 
Hell no 
If it's cheap 
 What's 'cheap' if I may ask? 
 Maybe $200 
 Ah right, thanks. 
They're outdated now. 
 I had one for awhile, around a year ago the ui got really laggy, I assume the processor couldn't keep up with new Android versions.  Was pretty cash up to that point.  Bearing in mind I got it new from Google for like 270 Canadian dollars.  I'm sure whatever iPhone / galaxy was like 800 min on a plan at the time. 
I have no life edition  Previous:   A general thread to collect all of the smartphone threads into one place  Suggestions to this general OP post are appreciated!  !!!!PURCHASING ADVICE GUIDELINES!!!!  When seeking purchasing advice, list your country/carrier, what phones are in your price range, and your budget at minimum  Simply asking for advice without stating your nation/carrier and listing what devices are available to you and also stating budget will likely get no response!   class="quote">/g/ Approved Review Sites class="quote">Anon's Mobile Device Guide: class="quote">To see if your phone (model) would work somewhere else in the world or just different carrier: class="quote">/g/ best of (replacing suggested phones)  * Best customer service: Google Nexus, HTC  * Closest to stock Android besides Nexus: Motorola, Sony  * Best ROM support: Oneplus  * Best performing phones: Nexus 6P, Note 5, Oneplus 2  Nominations for other best of categories welcome! 
  that trigged my autism 
 Must be your shit browser 
 Oh you were talking about the shopped shit on the guys fatback hahahahaha  I'm up WAY too late 
how do I root the Redmi Note 2 with the Global Rom on it? flashing TWRP doesn't stick no matter how I try it 
 Aussie here, what's /g/'s opinion of this phone? (Huawei G8) I'm thinking of getting either it or the Huawei P8, I'm able to get either one for around $330 USD. Anyone had experiences with this phone yet? 
 Nice thread, I have 2 suggestions for 'best of' categories:   I've met several people who, despite of support, smoothness or favorite brand, this is how they choose their phones. 
Is the HTC One M8 or M9 worth getting?   I'm US-based and use T-Mobile. My budget can go pretty high ($800) but the cheaper/more cost-efficient my stuff is, the better I sleep at night. 
 My Windows Phone is great. 
 had oneplus one, but it got stolen, really liked the phone, now looking for op2 is it worth? specs looks promissing, nexus 6p is a bit of my price range.  tldr need phone for 300-450europoors 
Reminding you that this is really the best value for a smartphone you can get right now:  LG G3 ATT Unlocked  an awesome phone a year later.   I like them, but not everyone does. That should be one you can find at Best Buy or something like that to test. The M9 used to have major overheating problems but they've since been cooled down. The newer ones don't have that problem.   I haven't used it yet but the word is that it's great and it performs really well.   I'm an OPO user and I'd probably get a OP2 if the same thing happened to me. 
 I nominate a few new sections for the general  *Good camera: v10/g4, note 5/s6, z5, nexus 6p/5x  *Good battery: z5, op2, note 5, v10  *Poorfag phones: any mid to low range lumia (no apps alert), moto e/g, opx, 2 year old flagships   Yes aslong as you don't care about nfc  1337 get is right  But it has no apps  The m9 isn't worth anything, the m8 is good but outdates kind of.    Dunno much about chink phones but the p8 looks cooler. Theres also the xperia m5 for around $330 at dicksmith if you wanna check that out. 
 dont go alone into streets after you took cocoine in las palmas and you will be fine kek   NFC isnt important didnt used it while had opo  Guess Ill buy it after holidays dont have money atm and doubt they ship it to mauritania 
I was thinking about installing proper linux on my nexus 5.  I like the lipstick ui form sailfish. I don't want to lose android compatibility. I don't want to sign jolla's TOS. Being a nexus 5, battery life is a concern. Calling and SMS have to work.  What everything do I need to study to do this? Should I install gentoo? 
  what 
 story how i lost my opo       
 that's what you get for being a degenerate 
  Or maybe Flex2? Similar price to G3, but with non-meme resolution and better SoC, the same software and camera. 
 The stock recovery / zip update way: ADB way: could also flash a developer ROM.  There are more methods, but you can look on the MIUI forums yourself.  Make sure you enable root permissions in the security manager IF you're using that one rather than a 3rd party tool like SuperSU. 
  I'm getting a G3 for better rom support. Or just rom support, because the g flex 2 has none.  SDcard and a removable battery too, so I'll just carry a spare. 
    What should I order now guys? Only got 250-300 pounds to spare. 
 Get a Xiaomi or OnePlus? 
Weird shit guys: Elephone is making a US LTE band phone now:   
All modern smartphones are shit  pic unrelated 
 Have considered both of them but they just have too many minuses for me. 
Should I get a OnePlus 2? 
 
What the fuck? 
Bump 
 Vodaphone smart ultra 6  Lol 
Moto G 2nd Gen "Titan"  CyanogenMod 12.1 Android 5.1.1 
 Lel just use old software normie 
Samsung Galaxy Note II   Is this normal? I feel like the battery could be better. 
      
  Kill thyself 
Galaxy Grand Prime on 5.1.1 
One plus two 
Do dating apps and sites work? Has any of you stalked some cutie and then got into a relationship with them? Any other ways to use technology in my favor? 
 Sorry anon you have to be at least a 5/10 to get any girl 2+/10 on apps because so many vapid cunts use them. Go out and socialize in person for better odds. 
I met my girlfriend through mutual friends like a normal person with social skills.  I know a fat girl who uses dating sites though. She met her current boyfriend on there, but I could tell the fist time I met him he's more or less a loser. But she is too, so I guess they might be a decent match. 
 You can use technology to make a gf anon 
 They work alright if you want to get your dick wet.   For actual relationship material - no. Women on dating sites might get anywhere from 10 - 50+ messages a day, men vying for attention and they relish that and inflates their self esteem.  It's better to meet someone in real life, social media is great for scoping out a target, or vetting somebody.  But never look for love over some shit like tinder 
 niiice bike... 
Best technology to use is a book. Go to a library and start reading some books there. You will meet smart people there who are friendly.  Another option is to buy a book, sit down at a cafe/restaurant that tourists would frequent. Women will literally come up to you to strike up conversation.  Apps will only get you shallow people. 
      good chuckle anon 
  this sounds like something normal people would do, it just might be crazy enough to work... 
 Not really. The normal expectation is that if you're reading a book there by yourself you want to be left undisturbed. It's not a good setup for social interaction. 
It only works if you're female. If you're not female, you're going to have to sort through the fake females that the site runs to keep the male members using the site. 
  But going to a place where people will come up to you based on nothing but how you look will be perfectly well balanced   Nah. Advice like this always comes from people who have never done it. They typically have found their significant other through friends. 
   Holding a book in your hand has nothing to do with how you look. You will attract people interested in your brain, not appearance. 
I don't have this problem.  just joking I'm overweight now 
Hello /g/entlemen - I have questions for you all.  Why is Apple so popular? Would you buy it if you could afford it? If not, why not? 
 I can afford it and I have bought it. It's popular because it's usually good quality in both hardware and software.  Sent from my iPhone™ 6S™ 
 I bought a much better pc in the same price range. Because I care more about my tech than I do about my social position. 
  not even remotely true if it isn't a XPS 15 nor a Surface Book. 
 Sure thing Shill, there are only 2 models better than Apple 
 because it's decent enough to be called 'good' because its design is actually well done because it's cheap enough to be affordable by the common man because it's expensive enough to call 'exclusive' because they created a cult of professionalism   the new 5k screens look pretty decent, but no, I'd rather buy a car with that money. they have cool stuff, but there are always better ways to spend my money 
 ahhh so u admit applel is top-qual. see now we're getting somewhere. deep down under all that buttfrustration.. 
    wew lad 
 Apple is not top-qual it's overpriced qual. With a positive social stigma attached to it. But still I'm not saying you shouldn't buy it. Just know there are more superior devices out there in the same price range. If you can't afford an apple you cant aford a good PC. You may however still be able to buy a decent one. 
I can afford Sent from my 6 Plus 
  probably because they look so damn good, both inside and out  not all people use their computers and phones to do advanced shit or care about customizing more than their wallpaper  for 90 % of people it just works. pretty sure they have a longer lifespan than PCs as well for the average user  the exterior in the macbooks are vastly superior their PC counterparts, the keyboard is the most comfortable and their touchpad is the best. and now with the retina screens they dominate here as well. also battery life is great.  also, you know exactly what you get    would and I have, I'm on my macbook pro mid 2011 hooked up to a normal keyboard and mouse and a 24" Philips screen right now. loving it. I have literally no reason to buy a PC again  I like my iphone but not sure if it was entirely worth the price. I basically just want an iphone the same size as the 4 but newer and faster  all in all, the only issue I ever had with apple products was the Finder file handler for OS X and ever since Windows 8 and 10 I'd rather have this than that fucking microsoft garbage shit  atleast apple can be bothered to develop seperate OS' for their tablets and computers 
I think Apple is only considered good because they put more effort into their product than most other brands. Other brands make crappy plastic laptops which can have unpredictable quality for consumer compare to Apple's which is reliably mediocre. Plus Apple products have a lot of gimmicks which are popular with the normies. 
What an epic bread 
 Because their products are far superior to the others. It's that simple. Just compare OS X to Windows.  But keep believing it's just because of marketing (as if others didn't run ads) or "social status" (as if others didn't have products in the same price range) if that helps you sleep better at night. 
  fucking brilliant 
  Do you even read the specs when buying a PC or is a nice logo all you need? "Social status" has little to do with price range, you fucktard. It's about exclusivity and compliance to the rest of your peers. 
 not him but if you can afford them then you have status because they are EXPENSIVE AS FUCK. 
Apple isn't as popular as they would like you to think.  Even if I could afford an apple product I would never buy it because:  A] The mobile devices have a low battery life B] You have to use a glitchy and laggy 3rd party program to transfer music and videos to them C] You can't use them as flash drives and computers cannot read your device without installing the glitchy and laggy 3rd party program D] It's a waste of my hard earned money. Buying overpriced products is the best way to become poor quickly. Instead of buying a $1,000 iPhone, I can buy a $200-300 android device and put the rest of the money into my financial reserves. I still get a really good device that does everything an iPhone does and more. 
 Just the autism, but you always have status, even when you're a hobo, you have a hobo status.  But still any good PC will cost you at least $1000 There are other decent PC's, some of wich have the same specs as an apple product for less but not much. There are probably more hobo's using MAC then there are "filthy rich" people using that product. 
  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHH AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAH AHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH AHAHHAHAHA  Why would I want more specs in a laptop if they come with worse keyboard, much much worse trackpad, battery life and operating system? These are things that *directly* and *noticeably* affect my everyday work. Marginally better specs? Not so much, son. 
I can afford it but I don't want it. Apple products are not intuitive for me. Sorry I grew up with windows and so these systems are intuitive for me. Apple seems to be kinda retarded from my viewpoint. (Same as the other way around) Besides that I also love debian and know about all the different DEs. 
 forgot pic related. 
  Son, have a look at the PC's in the same price range and redefine your definition of marginally  Apple keyboard is good but surly not the best.  Do you get your facts from advertisment?  I don't like OS X, I'm sorry having this deviated opinion. 
 Except that you're only real options now are Windows and Linux which are both utter shit 
 Hackintosh, could be an option, but still I don't like OS X. Every time I'm forced to use it I'm in the terminal within 5 minutes. 
 Give me one non-autistic example of why someone would literally have to be in the terminal within five minutes. 
 Because finder(or whatever Mac Explorer is ) is a piece of shit. 
  Because it appeals to the masses. See:   No.  Because I don't like their products. I don't like OS X, I don't like iOS, and I don't care about muh unibody aluminium cases. If I could afford spending 1000+ dollaridoos on a laptop, I'd get an X1 Carbon. 
Because I bought this. I don't use my phone very often so I just got a cheap Samsung 
 Popular because it panders to tech illiterates and tech elitists alike  If I could easily afford them I'd rather save my cash for investments and use disposable poorfag phones because they're only good for messaging, web browsing and calling. I don't need a $1k phone to do it, and all it'll do is be prime nigger bait for no actual benefit.  More expensive = better is a meme 
 
why some people think CRT monitors are better than LCD? 
  Because some CRT are better than bad LCD 
Because they have fast response times and nice blacks.  But a good quality lcd has those too, and are way less bulky. 
Higher refresh rates, better blacks, better response times. 
 Incredible colors and refresh rates.  They only lack the ``fits in my skinny jeans'' form factor homosexuals who are the vocal minority like to whine and cry like the bitches that raised them without fathers did, 
 When they refer to CRTs, they really mean the top-tier GOAT CRTs like the Trinitrons and the Diamondtrons. Those still comfortably hold their own even today. CRTs are famous for their true blacks. 
They're larger and more susceptible to distortion via magnetism   Same reason guitarists like tube amps over solid state. 
they cause cancer 
   
   I have 19" Viewsonic P95f. I cant use it because there isnt enough space in my desk, but how good is it? 
   Nowadays, recent LCDs have those features as well, but CRTs had it decade earlier.  And the overall rugedness. I mean try to crack a CRT screen without using a hammer or dropping in on concrete from 2nd floor 
   Higher refresh rates, better negros, better response times. 
 This. There's also the round pixels versus square pixels issue, making aliasing far less obvious on a CRT. Even normal fagstoff have started to figure that one out  
 Because they are for certain applications.  They have great color and contrast, no input lag at all in most cases, and have the ability to switch resolutions.    In addition to this they have a certain look and feel about them that makes them appropriate for playing old video games (although they will do a fine job for new as well).  I watch the HD version of Star Trek: TNG on an old CRT in 1600x1200 and it looks spectacular. 
  I powered up my crt the other day holy fuck the blacks the blacks are amazing compared to even my IPS displays 
  Autocorrect strikes again. *normalfags 
Because of placebo bullshit people keep telling themselves like this  crock to cover up the fact they just want to be "different" and "unique." 
 Pretty nice monitor.  Connect your PC to it sometime and try playing some 1080p video on it.    Or perhaps even something fancy like Crysis. 
   Why is this considered a selling point for electronic devices? Hitting them with hammers is not part of their operating procedure. 
 I've only seen OLED displays come close to what CRT's have in black levels you can still see some backlight though  Ideally, a black pixel's appearance should be similar to that pixel's appearance when both it and the display are powered off   so you don't have to buy new ones when you look at them funny 
 Never needed to perform percussive maintenance? 
 Crashing into a fucking wall at full speed while drunk is not part of an operating procedure of a car.  So why do we make a selling point on all those safety features? 
CRTs look smooth.   The best picture I ever saw on anything was on my old Sony XS955 Super Fine Pitch Trinitron CRT HDTV.    There is no loss of detail with this smoothing.  Instead it is a difference in the overall shape and nature of how pixels are created in the image.  LCDs simply can't do it. 
Don't forget viewing angles.  I recently finally went from CRT to LCD and I bought an IPS because it was supposed to have good viewing angles for an LCD.  It's shit.   Anything other than straight on has noticeable fogginess. 
     thus, it can display deepblack levels I don't know what you saw but when an OLED screen is displaying black that pixel is OFF. There's not backlight because the entire screen is made up of Light Emitting Diodes, you know, LEDs. 
  forgot about that, I think I might have been thinking of something else 
Autism I guess. It's the same reason some people think vinyls sound superior to digital CDs. 
 IPS panels keep their color but lose their brightness so to speak at wider viewing angles. Non IPS LCDs are even worse, the colors are terrible and at wide angles, theres huge discoloration. 
   They used to have those, but they have been overtaken. LCD color gamut is now lower than many lcd (both TV and monitor). Refresh rates were 85hz at 1600*1200 and 100hz at 1280*1024, no match for lcd's running double the pixels and refresh rates. The crt's only managed these numbers at 21", good luck finding one bigger and better (maybve ask John Carmack he had a nice widescreen one waaaay back when). 
 You can't directly compare refresh rates when LCD is sample-and-hold and CRTs aren't. 
 There's cheapness to consider too.  You can often pick up a nice CRT monitor which will sync up to 120hz at 1024x768 for about $20 or less.  Very nice for FPS. 
 I personally don't prefer vynl, but in most cases vynl releases have better mastering, as well as being excluded from the loudness bullshit most CD's get mastered with  
 They are better if you're playing older 4:3 content.    Show me an LCD that can play a Neo-Geo game better than the best CRT. 
 use to get massive headaches with a crt, when i went to an lcd i no longer had the headaches.   sure i miss the real blacks, but god damnit do i like the 24 inches, 1920x1200 progressive, not to mention the less weight... as my hands have progressively gotten worse and worse weight is a real issue.   at least on my crt, there was a noticeable blurring to it, something that isn't there with the lcd.   that said, i still have the crt as a backup in case the lcd breaks. 
I just recently got a crt. 19" 1600x1200 75hz. Beautiful screen, but the darks are much darker and the brights are a little less bright, when compared to an lcd. Can't play games in the dark anymore, as soon as I walk into a dark building I'm blind. I guess that's the advantage of LCDs, having a backlight. Still think the crt looks nicer though, the LCDs I have are too bright and if you turn the brightness down they look like ass. 
 Vinyls also degrade more than a digital CD though, making them an obsolete format. The mastering thing is debatable. 
 this  they are still better except for OLED 
 You had your refresh rate too low.  60hz with a PC CRT monitor is too flickery for web browsing. 
 that is true though a friend of mine collects vynl's, and while they sound nice, he gets autistic over playing them too many times    that's how you get eye cancer 
 ''  You will have to adjust the gamma setting for your games to compensate.   This is a normal behavior.    The "adjust the brightness until X thing disappears" adjustment is not accurate on a CRT.  Just put it wherever you feel comfortable.  For me it was usually 3/4 of the way to the right. 
 Input lag and response time are negligible and the blacks/contrast ratio is great. It's excellent for gaymen still. 
 Well I'll put it like this,  how many individual occurs can reach screen display per second the crt can display 1 million pixels at 100 gps,  whereas my lcd can do 4 million at 120 fps. As for the lcd retaining the image as opposed to the crts fading phosphor - lcds can sync the back light to their refresh rate, basically doing the same thing. 
 top slag m80 
 How in the flying fuck did my phone garble this post so bad. Im mean just wtf 
   I almost took you seriously. 
 
 Who is that anal amazon? 
 Why would someone shill a technology you can't even buy new anymore?  If anything I hold back on sharing the goodness of CRTs because it seemed last year as if Sony PVMs were becoming fashion items for hipsters. 
  You're too late it already happened. It's in process right now, soon the whole thing will explode and all the hipsters will use a CRT. The prices are a bit bloated right now, basically they are large paperweights at the moment so you don't want to pay a lot for them. It might be a decent investment, once the party starts. 
 Tube amps sound better tho. Warmer. Brighter. A lot more depth. This is why they are king. 
  Yep, and it's seriously a great step forward to see it being implemented, but that fact is that the vast majority of them don't, very few can, and none do by default. And without it, a 85Hz CRT will have far smoother/clearer motion than a 144Hz LCD. 
 kek 
  
CRT  LCD 
 because braun tubes give u brain cancer you fag 
 ' None of this is true. Most of the time, Vinyl is just sent through the RIAA EQ from the brickwalled mastered and everyone calls it a day. You might superficially gain some more DR, but that's just due to some extra spikes from the medium not the actual recording. 
  Records don't degrade on a quality turntable. Of course they will if you play them on a Crosley, just like a CD would if you put it in a Walkman and shook it while playing. 
 '  yes they do  physics, bitch 
   sure it wont... 
   What are counterweights?  audiophiles" that post here 
 That's not how physics work. Being played inherently degrades the record. Now how long this takes before the extra introduced noise becomes audible is debatable. 
  You can clean records too, y'know. "Physics." 
Why has no one created an ultra-high definition vector display? Like an oscilloscope that can display trillions of points at once in a range of all of the colors in existence?  vector displays  raster displays 
 The needle will gradually deform the groove. You can't get around that. 
  Obviously by "quality turntable" he meant one of those laser turntables that make zero contact since obviously he is not stupid. 
  Whoa, I didn't even know that existed desu 
I play melee competitively and you can tell the difference between an lcd monitor and a crt since most of the tech required has 5 frame windows at most 
  pretty nifty   
 Because casual video games don't require military-grade hardware. 
class="quote">analog fags BTFO 
  It never ceases to amaze me how much money audiophiles can waste. 
  Who's your main, my man? 
Input lag is lower with any decent CRTs 
 oled is not better, it's just a term you know and you like your phone's screen because it's bright 
 guessing a spacey if he's concerned about frame windows 
 Could be some leakage from a really bad backplane.   I used to have a couple FW900s. Wonderful things.   The popular aperture grill, Trinitron style, is a grid, not like the circular shadow mask. 
  Probably. I was hoping so that I could trash him on netplay if he replies. :^) 
 Plz be troll 
 This video is amazing. 
LCDs often have issues like poor backlight uniformity, backlight bleeding, dirty screen effect etc. They also tend to have shitty contrast (except for VA panels) and higher response time. 
 They started to:   
 I don't see what BTFO of CRTs in this video.    CRTs accept digital signals just fine, and the analog conversion done by them internally is trivial. 
 Holy shit, this video is absolute gold. 
 OLED is almost as different from CRT is to LCD, it is a completely different technology. 
 growing up i do not ever recall colors on my crt tvs and monintor being "DEEP" or "RICH".  What I distinctly remember is that I found the colors "mostly blue" to be subdued.  kinda like this pic  but i kinda like that high pitch that crts have 
 ' 
Is there any reason to use CRTs besides older fighting games? 
 Perhaps you should read the thread before asking dumb questions. 
 If you're average 4chan user age you were never in the golden age of CRTs.  Anyone 25 and under probably only saw shitty Wal-mart specials from brands like Emerson or Orion. 
 It's directed at the vinylfags. 
the "crts have true blacks" meme is my favourite meme. 
 Because CRTs did almost everything better I'd still use them if they still built them 
 I don't know how much of a new-fag you are, but the pejorative of someone who likes things to an extreme level is a "Fan Boy".  Shill is a pretty recent term to make it into main-stream vocabulary.   Basically CRT is still the master race. I own 6x Sony GDM FW 900's and I basically know all the capacitors, and have a ton of back up capacitors to the point where I can keep them in pretty much new condition image wise indefinitely. 
 ' I wish I were comfortable around the FW900 boards when I had mine. What a waste. 
 You can still find them in Tech Junk Yards and very rarely on eBay.  Look for any silicon recycling / tech recycling facilities in your area. These things were very popular and you'll find quite a few of them. 
It wasn't until my Eizo FG2421 that I put away my CRTs entirely. Dat 5000:1 static contrast ratio. Dat 120Hz display at resolutions an FW900 couldn't manage, plus 240Hz blacklight strobing with minimal impact on brightness.  And even before then, it was only the best of the best like the top end Sonys, NECs, and professional graphics artists monitors that were really worth using over a decent LCD. 
 Because I can't put my coffee mug on top of an LCD. 
   Nice try. 
 VA has greatly superior contrast and black level. 
 Yes you can, you just have to center it properly. 
 and the slightest bump knocks it over gg newton 
 ' 
 Inferior colors in general though. 
 I don't relish lugging them around. That was how I got mine the first place: the artist using them didn't want to pay to ship them out of the country, and I picked them up. I guess I can go scrounging around for one again. Not like the OLED revolution is getting here soon.   I would have bought one, but I heard about all sorts of issues early in its run. 
 The problem is if a OLED breaks down, who's going to fix it?  If a CRT breaks down, you can keep running with just some easy to find capacitors and a steady soldering hand. 
 '   that comparison was probably made when that Dell monitor was brand new you troglodyte 
    ZAP 
 Hipsters 
 early LCDs were anything but cheap, and that comparison was anything but invalid when that old ass pic was taken 
 maybe if you're the average mobileposting pleb who browses this shitty board 
 No.   Not like you can do pixel surgery, but there's the problem. Got one right in the middle of my laptop display, past its warranty. What can you do? As long as the phosphors are still good, maintenance is good. Did you ever have to fiddle around with WINDAS calibration? 
   
  God go back to ESOL Rajish 
For nostalgia feelings desu  Old school anime/cartoons look way better on CRTs and have a better feeling. Retro games also have a better feel on it. 
 That looks like really shitty calibration. At least try before you bait. 
 CRT filters have come a long way. 
  I have a GDM FW900, but the picture quality is bad. Lowest brightness and max contrast get me a sort of okay picture, but there's some other problems too. There's a line of dead pixels across the screen, and there's interference in the bottom right quarter of the screen. Is this fixable or should I give up on it? 
 would you be willing to part with one?  Mine fell and Its aperture grille is completely broken and irreparable.  I really loved it.  I haven't been able to find one in a decent condition and cost in a while in my area. 
 I have 2 that are going to be the last part of my 3x3 ( 9x FW 900 ) wall / array.   I need one more my self D 
  I hope you don't mean both at once. 
 wow, how do you even run that?  That's crazy.  Pics pls. 
 Two good visuals    
 this is what jontron would be doing if he applied himself in school 
CRT has much better colors. If I could get an lcd with colors like that I'd vote for Trump. 
 I posted that image because it was an example of a person that would profit from more people using crt's 
threads like these make me with I had a flat CRT instead of the rounded hitachi it's alright, it does 1600x1200@85hz  theoretically, with a digital input's bandwidth, could you get a CRT to go to refresh rates like 144hz at high resolutions? 
 That's not why it looks better It's because CRT's aren't Fixed Pixel Garbage and they don't upscale shit 
  No they fucking can't You're still highly dependent on your FPS/HZ you retard  60fps@60hz on a short persistence CRT is still going to look way better than 120fps@120hz on Lightboost(strobing)  Short Persistance CRT have 0.01ms of blur The lowest you can have with Lightboost is about 1.4ms  LCD's should fuck off and Laser Displays should fucking get some serious RD already 
 Forgot one thing On a CRT you will have the same amount of persistence blur at any framerate/hz  On an LCD you're dependent on your framerate So the best you can do right now is 144FPS@144hz which is just 1.4ms of blur To even match a short persistence CRT(0.01ms blur) you need 1000FPS@1000Hz  This is why LCD's suck and they need to get abandoned already We need better Display Technology than this sample and hold garbage 
why do people like lo-fi? 
   
 CRTs over LCD/LED only appeal to autists   enjoy the radiation and shitty resolution 
  That is not CRT persistence. That is the step response of the phosphors, but they decay much more slowly so that you can actually use the display. It usually somewhere between 1-2ms for computer displays. 
  about as much as staring at a microwave  last time I checked, 1600x1200 wasn't shit compared to whatever the fw900 runs at, it is shit 
 you aren't supposed to stare at microwaves though.. 
 They're already in those new Pico Projectors but they need a lot more RD and Invesment before they can be ready for TV's and Traditional Projectors  Basically they have no persistence,no blur,no input lag,no scanout lag,no pixels,no phosphor(so no phosphor trail),it works like a CRT(scan a pixel at a time and it's not fixed-pixel),has extremely wide gamut etc. It's the only display technology that can surpass CRT's so far  Here's a good read on them in this thread bad though..that so far Lasers have only been used in big time display tech as only a Light Source for DLP Projectors 
 It is for Short Persistence Phosphor CRT's like BVM's and such The GDM FW900 for example is a Medium Persistence Phosphor that's about 1ms of persistence blur 
lightbright monitors when 
 just hook a grid of RGB LED's into a lcd controller 
 Things LCDs do better:              Things CRTs do better:        LCDs are mostly better than CRTs ever were, but some of the remaining deficiencies are pretty significant. In particular, there will always be a tradeoff in LCDs between response time, viewing angles, and black levels. That said, I can deal with that if I can get my hands on a UHD@120Hz with variable-refresh and strobing IPS display, which will be real in 2017 if not next year with the advent of DP 1.3. 
Requesting CRT buying guide. 
  1. FW900  /EOF 
 because they protect the people in the car 
 It looks amazing. But I cannot find a single European seller of this. It must be super rare. 
 The only reason why CRTs are not superior technology now is because their development was stopped.  Imagine if all the effort that was put into LCD monitors was put into CRTs instead.  Apart from that, I really like the analog nature of it. 
 It scales better to different resolutions than LCDs that only have a single fixed resolution, meaning it's better for the various shitboxes I collect and use. 
Because they read a forum post from 2006 and now they think they're experts.  Pic related are likely the same bunch of people. 
 IPS displays aren't known for their deep blacks. 
 CRTs already hit the point of diminishing returns ages ago.  Horizontally-flat Trinitrons were pretty much the culmination of the technology. Where else was there to go? Slightly better phosphors? Modestly tighter pixel pitches? A little better bandwidth?  CRTs in the late 90s were on a dead end since their weight scaled slightly more than cubically with diagonal and they had pixels that were less sharp than LCDs and still had to be readjusted for ambient magnetic fluctuations to correct geometry.  They were great for vidya and watching movies and TV (especially sports), but LCDs are so much better for most workstation uses it's not even funny.  Source: owned a 22" Iiyama that could do 1600x1200@100Hz. 
Is there a reason for the giant bezel on CRTs? 
  Dunno man, sed? 
 Better phosphors, flatter screen, less noise, faster start-up times, better colour representation, less energy consumption, alternative inner gases or tube materials, thinner bezels. Or, maybe some new and experimental designs like multi-tube or composite pohosphor design, presistance screens, only re-draw areas that need updating. 
   Not the guy you were responding to but you should go learn a bit about CRTs before posting on a technology board. 
 crt whine makes my head hurt 
 Thinner aperture grilles would be a start.  Monocrome there CRTs had a electron dot pitch that would allow 8k.  Divide this by 3 for a max for color assuming aperture grilles don't limit it.  The highest I've heard of is a .21 aperture grille and a .19 shadow mask (measured differently.  The AG is better).  These are clearly limiting factors. 
 I know that there is a vacuum inside. But vacuum cannot be perfect. There will be little air inside. Like they start using helium in hard drives nowadays, why not to first fill tube with helium and then make vacuum out of it. 
 When they started making fist shitty LSD displays with 20ms response times. Nobody would imaging that it will become like modern flexible OLED. 
 Because electrons and helium atoms interact with one another and you'd never get a picture in the tube, probably just a glow. 
 Cathode ray tube whine is only audible for CRT TVs (hsync). Other than that it's probably transformer coil whine, not really specific to CRT technology. 
 Helium is just an example. CRT scientists should find a better option. 
 You don't understand. ANYTHING in the tube will cause the electron beam to scatter. That's why it's a vacuum. Besides that, any artifacts caused by the imperfections in a CRT's vacuum are not going to be visible. 
  
 No you don't understand. Perfect vacuum is impossible. But we can choose very little of what gas will be in the tube besides vacuum. 
 ... 
 Vacuum simply means low pressure. It doesn't mean absence of any matter. No tube can withstand such a low pressure, it will blow up. 
 You don't need a perfect vacuum nor does it matter what gas is inside because in the end the vast majority of the electrons will make it from the back of the tube to the phosphors. Any imperfections caused by this will be so small that you'd never notice them. 
 ' Wow, thanks professor for the basic fucking physics lesson.  The small amount of trace gases don't have a noticeable effect on the cathode ray though, numbnuts. 
 '  Hehe there must be a videophile race with their CRT rigs. CRT to LCD is what vaccum tube amp is to transistor amp. 
 There are, people who spam shit like "muh blacks, viewing angles" etc. Used to be more common on /g/.  They don't get pissed over nanometer differences in position though. Audiophiles are alone in that one. 
 Not him but you should really read threads before posting. At least you're anonymous. 
 my lcds whine  can't complain, got three for .90€ 
 So LCD's are better at mostly unimportant stuff? Oh and you forgot to write about how LCD's look like absolute shit below their native resolution  And Flicker is good Flicker is needed to eliminate motion blur The only reason LCD doesn't visibly flicker is because of sample-and-hold shit they use(which cause motion blur) 
  I don't get this argument anyway. I turn all monitors down well below 50% or they are way the fuck too bright. Strobing doesn't cut luminance by that much and even if it did, you could just crank the brightness all the way up.  FG2421 is a great monitor but it's a shame you can't control the strobing feature more. You can only strobe at 120hz with about 2ms of display persistence. On some of the benq monitors you can strobe at any refresh rate and at 1ms persistence. A lot of games and content are locked at 60fps so the fg2421 is basically shit for that.  I wish we could have seen what SED or FED displays would have been like. They were basically flat CRT's. 
How long until commercial AMOLED monitors and laptops? 
 Pls be troll 
 Who's this cooch mahooch? 
  Nice meme.  Yep, because everyone in the world who watched TV or used a computer before around 2005 has cancer. 
 no lol 
  CRTs are faster have superior gamma and contrast than any LCD on the market.  The real reason why CRTs are no longer being made is because of eWaste. CRT require a lot of heavy metals in their construction.  RoHS and other eWaste reduction initiatives that took effect around 2000s were death knell for CRTs. 
   
 Real Reason is they are heavy as fuck. Most businesses don't give a fuck how good the blacks or response time is all they care about is how easy they are to move and how expensive the upkeep is both of witch are way worse for CRT's 
 Then you get nice crackling sounds as warm as a nice chimney fire. 
   What is backlight strobing? Lightboost and displays like FG2421 with it as a built in feature. 
 I'm pretty sure the strobing feature still works at other refresh rates.  And you can force games to run at a specified refresh rate even if their framerate is fixed elsewhere. 
 For the same reasons some idiots prefer vinyl over digital, 2D film cinema over digital 3D IMAX, 24 FPS movies instead of 48+, animatronics over top of the line CGI, etc.   Bunch of dumb, broke hipster morons that are stuck in the past and like all sorts of crackling and popping over their music, and low frame rate , blurry, dirty image over their video.   So basically, dumb hipsters living in the past. 
 Because cars are supposed to be driven around at high speeds and are potentially dangerous, you moron.   Monitors are supposed to just chill on a safe desk, inside a safe place for years in a row, they don't need fucking reinforced screens and fucking crumple zones.   What a fucking idiotic example you gave, does being that dumb hurt? 
 You missed the point of the discussion completely. Phosphor persistence is about the duration that the screen is illuminated for, just as in LCD techniques of reducing motion blur.   CRT can fall back on data unlike those other things. 
Because they can explode  How awesome is that 
 Yeah, what data?   The day I switched from a CRT to an LCD back in 2003 was the day I stopped fucking my eyes up with a bullshit, harmful technology that not only shoots xrays at your face for 10 hours a day, but it also has a shitty, distorted image and is dim as fuck.  Now, I have a 55 inch OLED TV with an amazing image for movies, an ASUS PG279Q 165hz IPS 1440 Gsync monitor for games, and another 40 inch 4k Phillips VA monitor with amazing contrast for photo and video editing.   CRT is trash for broke hipsters.   Can't wait until they all fucking break so I can stop hearing you fucking fedora man children kissing CRT's ass constantly. 
 Oh, and I completely forgot about the horribad, eye cancer inducing flicker that CRT monitors had.   I also forgot about their atrocious, high pitched 16000 hertz whine when they are powered on.   I used to get fucking headaches from that shit. 
  Nah, weight and volume weren't really issues in the business setting.  It came down to bottom line cost. LCDs became affordable and were good enough around mid-2000s.   CRTs were killed off because you cannot make a RoHS compliant model. 
 nope 
  You never have been behind a quality CRT with a video card that has half-decent RAMDAC.  It still blows any LCD out of the market in terms of color accuracy and speed.  LCDs have always suck at input latency, speed and color accuracy.  The real shame is there was going to be a viable upgrade from CRTs in the form SED/FED mointors. Too bad the tech is trapped in patent troll hell. 
 The easy and smooth scaling, the black pitch, and the color/contrast stability. It beats LCDs in those aspects soundly.   This is the most tired and ill informed critique about CRTs. They don't, and you even get to make a jab at how they don't, because they mix the very glass with lead. This doesn't happen.    Unfortunately, you can't fully rid yourself of motion blur otherwise.This includes your 160Hz sample and hold display.  TVs, specifically from flyback noise at broadcast rate. 
Because they're poor and in denial. I know because I was once poor and in denial too. It's the same reason they insist that ancient Thinkpads are great. If they're exceptionally poor, they may have never used a brand new flagship product and simply don't know how much better they are. Stick any CRTfag in front of an XR341CKA and they will give up their CRT in a heartbeat. 
 ' Bullshit. Our techs are much, much happier that they don't need to lug around CRTs anymore. I feel bad for our inventory and transport people because we're still decommissioning a bunch of CRT All-in-Ones (mostly eMacs) and they have to cart around 30 of them at a time, which is fucking back breaking. 
 Are business and industrial grade LCD or other types of flat panel monitors any good? Or affordable for that matter? 
 Not really. We pay the premium because of the additional warranty and support you get from business-grade products. Beyond that, you can usually get just as nice (or nicer) products for cheaper if you skip out on those protections. You would probably vomit a little if you saw how much we are paying for some devices. But it's worth it because they have a proven track record, and paying a tech to figure out what is going wrong with a bunch of hodgepodge hardware would cost more in the long run. 
 '  I don't know about SED but FED definitely was not CRT Quality As Mark Rejhon of Blurbusters here explains href="#p51753691" class="quotelink">51753691 Just as I explained You're still dependent on your FPS/Hz while strobing  Strobing at 60fps@60hz equates to about 2-3ms of persistence blur for example  Short Persistence CRT's are 0.01ms Medium Persistence CRT's are 1ms Both at any framerate/hz  Also Strobing produces more flicker than a CRT so there's that too 
 SED/FED were always a pipe dream. Their panels basically turned to complete shit suddenly, and the dimmer they were, the faster they would get dimmer.  Their electron emitters get eroded by any gas in the gap that gets ionized, but normal use releases gas from the phosphors as does damage from the eroded tips itself.  The result is a positive feedback loop of whole-panel pixel death by fading, that nobody ever came close to figuring out how to solve.  While OLED is still currently shit, its aging at least slows down as its gets dimmer. 
 I just want to touch on this a bit more. You can get great business-grade products and they will be expensive, but usually we don't even buy those outside of specific circumstances. Remember, most of these devices are going to be used by normalfags like Carol in Accounting and she barely understands how to use a computer in the first place, much less will appreciate a high quality monitor. In fact, lots of them have shit eyesight and will run the monitor outside of its native resolution to make things larger, even though they're slightly more blurry (DPI adjustment usually doesn't work well with ancient proprietary applications, so lowering resolution is often the only solution).   If you're planning on buying business-grade equipment for home use, I'd recommend buying it used, since that usually brings the price back down to a reasonable level. The downside to this is that you usually wont get bleeding-edge equipment like that, because the market is only flooded with those devices (dropping the price) when they're being decommissioned by the thousands. 
 The FG2421 double strobes at 60Hz according to blurbusters. 
 
old thread:   What are you working on, /g/? 
 C! 
' I feel like I got trolled. vtables in C are an unmaintainable pile of rubbish. 
 ' I remember being 2 months into knowing C 
Are linked lists just a meme? 
 It's a beginner concept to get students able to think about data structures, but it serves no other purpose. 
 What is wrong with putting function pointers in your structs? How much fucking memory could a void pointer take up anyway? 
 It's not the memory that's the problem. It's just literally pointless and horribly ugly. If you want member functions so badly, use C++. Please. 
 cons cells are life. 
 Just use C++ you wasteman. 
 What is the point? What are you trying to do that can't be achieved with a regular function? I guarantee you what you're doing is neither efficient nor reasonable. 
Real new thread. Report and ignore tranny threads.   
Real new thread:  
 He can have polymorphism, actually.  <pre class="prettyprint">#include stdio.h #include ctype.h  struct animal {     char * name     void (*voice)(Animal *this)     void (*action)(Animal *this) } typedef struct animal Animal  void bark(Animal *this) void bite(Animal *this) void meow(Animal *this) void jump(Animal *this)  int main(int argc, char **argv) {     Animal dog = {"Spot", bark, bite}     Animal cat = {"Mittens", meow, jump}      dog.voice(dog)     cat.action(cat)     dog.action(dog)     cat.voice(cat)      return 0 }  void bark(Animal *this) {     printf("%s: Bark!\n", this-name) }  void bite(Animal *this) {     printf("%s bites!\n", this-name) }  void meow(Animal *this) {     printf("%s: Meow!\n", this-name) }  void jump(Animal *this) {     printf("%s jumps!\n", this-name) } </pre> 
   WHY DO FUNCTION POINTERS EVEN EXIST 
 One reason is that you can implement virtual functions.  Just not in the horrible way that you're doing it. 
 Completely useless. Show me a real-world example instead of your aritifical OOP-concocted fantasies.  It would be better to have a switch on, say, the voice function, with a case for each unique animal. 
   This was exactly me a couple years ago too dude. Function pointers allow you to reference a function for many applications, like if you have an array of ints and you want to map a function to each one.  <pre class="prettyprint">  void map(int *array, int n, void (*fun)(int *a)) {     for (int i = 0 i  n i++) {         fun(array + i)     } }  void increment(int *a) {     *a++ }  void decrement(int *a) {     *a-- }  void print_num(int *a) {     printf("%d ", *a) }  int main(int argc, char **argv) {     int array[4] = {1, 2, 3, 4}      map(array, 4, increment)     map(array, 4, printnum)     map(array, 4, decrement)     map(array, 4, printnum)      return 0 }</pre> 
 because assembly because of how computers work 
 Oh I know, that's actually the exact shit I did when I was at his stage. I wrote that one file and was done with it. 
op should burn in hell 
   Lol 
everyone report OP for being subhuman 
 '  Mapping functions is a huge tool. Anyone that thinks faking member functions in C is stupid will tell you that. 
 What is this incoherent rambling supposed to mean? 
How do I make something like this, minus the confidence part? It's javafx, so Radiobutton and TableView, right? How do I disable the radiobutton and load data into TableView? 
 it means nobody here knows C or writes anything of value and everyone is just throwing shit because they don't know any better 
 Let me help. "Mapping functions" is a huge tool. Anyone that thinks "faking member functions in C is stupid" will tell you that. 
 dunno 
 Nvm figured it out 
Real new thread:   Report and ignore trap threads, especially ones forcibly posted before the bump limit such as this one. 
 you're not me 
  are you stupid? 
    Me 
 No. Although "pure" linked lists (cons cells) are probably less common than the case where a structure contains both the data and a link to the next item in the chain. 
  google it 
'' One day this will stop 
 You're the problem here, kid. Delete your shitty thread and stop crying. 
 good luck with that. the day the trap faggot finally gives up, two more will take his place. 
fuck trannies, we don't want them 
 Looks like a fun read, picked up thanks guy 
  ' 
 The other thread is yours, Everyone knows it. 
 DEPRECATED! Use Venture instead.  DEPRECATED! Use Church instead.  DEPRECATED! Use Anglican instead.  DEPRECATED! Use probabilistic-C instead.  DEPRECATED! Use Infer.net instead. 
   ? 
 the /g/dpt/ 
 Hey /dpt/. I have a program in mind that I want to create. I'm still severely inexperienced at coding however.So I want to ask you guys what language It has to be written in.  most of the program works already on Excel. it's fairly simple actually. I just need to apply a very thorough GUI. how would I go about doing that? what language would I be coding in? what should I learn? 
no trannies belong to programming. deal with it 
 describe what you wan to do 
 java/C# 
 VBA 
Daily reminder PHP has outlasted Python, Ruby, Lua and Groovy. 
  Messing around with Rust, match statements are pretty cool.  <pre class="prettyprint">use std::env::args  fn main() {     let i: u64 = match args().nth(1) {         None = panic!("No arguments given"),         Some(value) = match value.parse() {             Ok(n) = n,             Err(_) = panic!("Invalid argument"),         }     }      println!("\n{} has {} Collatz steps.", i, collatz(i)) }  fn collatz(n: u64) - u64 {     print!("{} ", n)     match n {         0 = panic!("Invalid value"),         1 = 0,         _ = match n  1 {             0 = { 1 + collatz(n/2) },             1 = { 1 + collatz(n*3+1) },             _ = unreachable!(),         },     } }</pre> 
 I dont know how to properly explain it. Mostly, it will just be adding values together. Something like a log to keep stuff in. For example the very basic form of it that I have in excel, has me running all around the file copying certain boxes and special pasting (adding) them to others. I want so simplify that a lot. Think a few prompts and a small list of things that is always stored.and then a log that the user updates every day. 
People don't actually program for FUN, do they? 
 no but the results can be fun 
 Of course they do. ' This is how stupid you sound. 
 if you know a way to get the same quality result with less effort, you will do it that way. you don't program for the sake of putting effort into programming itself 
 Rust is seriously fucking disgusting. I couldn't even imagine programming in Rust for fun, which is pretty much all it's good for. 
 Nah. Some people use C. 
 The irony of calling something disgusting while posting a picture of a white girl. 
 Alright Jamal 
 for some applications, like embedded and kernel dev, C is the best trade-off between performance, portability and developer time. 
 Rush and white girls are disgusting. 
 Subhuman please go. 
  White girls never stood a chance. 
 I never did anything that C is good for and I wrote purely in it for a while. It was a great deal of fun. 
 So I take it you only write enterprise quality java?  Yeah, nobody programs for fun. Nobody writes music for fun. Nobody paints for fun. It's all a means to an end just to make money. You're pathetic. 
' 
 Then just make it an object. 
     ok weeb 
 Would NOT bang amirite? 
 YOU LEAVE GEDDY LEE OUT OF THIS 
 primitives" by reference 
 Asians have good culture and are generally slim, but having to look at some Asian alien face when you wake up next to her in the morning and looking at your fucking alien kids' faces is not worth it. White women are the most beautiful. 
  abort  pic related desu 
 If this is a problem to you then it's a classic case of user error. You can always switch language (and make sure that one has what you need before using it) 
 there are plenty of times when writing/maintaining code is simply not fun. do you want to spend years on making a very crappy painting if you could achieve the same quality painting in a week? it would have to be an extremely good painting or else you will have wasted years of your time, just masturbating with your shitty painting process. 
  
 Agree about the alien part, but white girls are so soulless. Pacific islander and hispanic master race. 
 Pic unrelated? 
 Boxed types are for your purpose, unboxed primitives are not. 
   
 i was talking about asians. murrican "white" girls tend to have thick knees but otherwise they're alright in terms of physical attributes 
 What do you want it to do exactly and in what context will it be used? 
 weak shop 
Is there anything better than gradually refining a program until it's perfect?       Like taking a scalpel to a tumor, excise the ugly and leave only what's beautiful and necessary. 
 it's on purpose, it's much more elegant that way. if you really want to do it because you suck at programming then use a boxed primitive or use a different language. 
 Ah the mythical "perfect program" 
   Why are you even in this thread? 
 I actually am dating a light-skinned hispanic girl. They are good too.   That's an American. 
<pre class="prettyprint">public enum OS{ Windows, OSX, UNIX  }     public static OS env     public static String defaultRoot     public static String rootPath     public static String[] runtimeArgs     private final Image Icon =          new Image(getClass().getResourceAsStrea m("/16x16/apps/disk-usage-analyzer. png"))     private final ImageView graphic =          new ImageView(new Image(getClass().getResourceAsStrea m("/96x96/apps/disk-usage-analyzer. png")))               @Override     public void start(Stage stage) throws Exception {         rootPath = null         if(env == OS.UNIX){             Dialog popup = getDialog()             OptionalPairPairString, String, PairString, String result              result= popup.showAndWait()             if(!result.isPresent())                 System.exit(1)             else                 result.ifPresent(runArgs - {                         runtimeArgs[0] = runArgs.getKey().getKey()                         runtimeArgs[1] = runArgs.getKey().getValue()                         runtimeArgs[2] = runArgs.getValue().getKey()                         runtimeArgs[3] = runArgs.getValue().getValue()                     }                 )         }         File file = openDialog.chooseDirectory(stage, defaultRoot)         if(file != null)             rootPath = file.getAbsolutePath()         FXMLLoader loader = new FXMLLoader()                           Parent root = loader.load(getClass().getResource( "JDUA.fxml"))                  Scene scene = new Scene(root)         stage.setTitle("JDUA")         stage.getIcons().add(Icon)         stage.setScene(scene)         stage.setOnCloseRequest(e -{             treeMap.destroy()             Platform.exit()         })         stage.show()     } </pre> 
 I just googled hot latina or some shit. I don't like that girl's face but I meant more to reference the race, oh well.   Same though. 
   Wow, that's dedication. 
   This is the caliber of people we're dealing with here. People who get their porn from Google images. 
 Think of something like myfitnesspal . i dont know if youve heard about it. anyway its a diet tracking program read the second post i made few posts below my first one.  the user will have a list which will be saved in the program, with foods and stuff, and he will be able to update a daily log by taking from that list. basically i want prompts like "Add X amount of Y in Z Day" 
  We're pretty much just talking about our racial preference. I was just grabbing an image since that's what we've been using, but okay. 
 use java 
 Wow. 
 #Rekt 
 at least they could have deleted it before it became an established thread ffs   if it's just codemonkey stuff you can decide to not give much of a shit and just do whatever works. if it's for a more quality-critical application then you should be willing to allocate a lot of time to making good decisions so that you get a higher quality product and so that you'll spend less time refactoring the code in the future. as you get more experience you will have already encountered similar situations before and then you will already have an idea of the best way to do things. 
Should I post what I'm working on here or should I wait till later?  I was trying to post in dpt and then it vanished. 
 read the OP 
 this thread will be fine until it reaches the bump limit (310 replies) 
   they deleted OP's trap fag pic so it's fine lel 
  Oh, I know how threads work.  Just reading up a bit seemed to show people in a circlejerk about a tripfag and the thread may get deleted because of butthurt about something. 
 <pre class="prettyprint">MODS == GODS</pre> 
 You lost squirt. 
 i was unaware that i was in a competition 
 <pre class="prettyprint">warning: expression `false' unused</pre> 
 the gods have spoken. this thread will remain but without OP's fag pic 
 What was the OP pic? 
They deleted it and the other thread so you guys would stop shitposting about it, if you can't figure that out. 
<pre class="prettyprint"># python containers = ["MP4", "MKV"] resolutions = [["720p"], ["1080p", "2160p"]]  formats = {     c: [r for r in r_list]     for c in containers     for r_list in resolutions }</pre>  I was aiming for something like this: <pre class="prettyprint">{"MP4": ["720"], "MKV": ["1080p", "2160p"]}</pre>  But instead got this: <pre class="prettyprint">{"MP4": ["1080p", "2160p"], "MKV": ["1080p", "2160p"]}</pre>  Any help fixing the dictionary comprehension? 
 Watch, soon enough anime will get it's own global rule ban because it upsets anti-anime autists too much just like ponies derailed entire threads back in 2010. 
 Creator of the other thread here, I couldn't ask for anything more. Now, if only they'll enforce Rule 6 for all /dpt/ OPs. 
 Try this.  <pre class="prettyprint">dict(zip(containers, resolutions)) </pre> 
 himegoto 
 <pre class="prettyprint">formats = dict(zip(containers, resolutions)) </pre> 
I work every day this week, so I haven't the chance to really sit down and work on this, but.   I came across this: something called SWIG  Are these both ways to possibly fill what is not working?   The last thing that I remember talking to you about was that since self was coming back as nil from the registry, to try some other methods.   I'll check this thread in the morning for a reply. 
 whats wrong with himegoto 
 Amazing. Thank you very much. 
 it's part of the trap/tranny/crossdressing troll. maybe not too bad in and of itself but it's as "bad" as the troll can get away with without a guaranteed thread deletion. and this thread was posted before the old one hit 300 so it wasn't legit at all. it was posted early so that OP could force his trap pic. 
Late night bingo time. 
How do I allocate an array of squares of uniform dimensions given only a range from origin?  Pic related. Given an integer, I highlight the nearest surrounding squares.  I'm doing it manually thus far, because I'm an idiot that can't into using sin functions in for loops. I'm using sdl2 and SDL_RenderDrawRects() if anyone cares. 
 Whoops. Wrong picture. Animated. 
 ' I don't really care so long as he posts anime because anime /dpts/ are the best /dpts/. 
what the fuck can you do with a singleboard computer to learn. all the projects people talk about are dumb gimmicks. 
 if you want a brute-force way of doing it, which could still have good enough performance for what you're doing, is to start with a square with a length of (2n + 1) and then compare the distance to each individual square inside the larger square. you can check the square of the distance like n^2 = x^2 + y^2 or something like that 
 
 x^2 + y^2 =n^2 
 Embedded programming stuff. Stuff that would be too expensive to deploy with a regular computer like you're used to. Imagine a tiny circuit that does nothing but blink a LED when a photosensitive diode is exposed to light. That sort of thing.  Too bad most mainstream boards prevent you from learning anything useful by abstracting all the microcontroller stuff away and replacing it with a disgusting library. 
  Arduinos. Not even once 
 ok ty 
 
 Noice. 
 I bought an arduino leonardo clone once, and the godawful arduino ide put me off. Is there any way to use it without using their disgusting libraries or even their disgusting IDE? 
 not sure what shape you're aiming for, but  vec2 M = abs(p - origin) M.x + M.y  n (checks if point p is inside the radius) might work for you as well 
 quake 3 
 
  What I'm actually doing is stepping from origin and spiraling outward north-west-south-east-(2)north- northwest-west-southwest...etc  Maybe I shouldn't have said anything about sin. Just seemed like it was the correct way to proceed assigning x,y coordinates in sequence. 
 
You're writing C and you need to return a pair of arrays.  Do you return an int**, or do you write a custom struct and return that? 
 struct if you do it a lot 
 Make the user supply their own pair of arrays. Preferably a struct. 
 doing it like a spiral like you describe could work very well if you want larger ranges to be diamond shaped rather than rounded like a circle. if you have very large ranges it could be more cache-friendly to iterate through a bounded square rather than hopping back and forth like with the spiral 
how much do devs in india make? 
  It's just 10x10 squares that expand outward from the center square. It'll always be a diamond.  In reality, the ranges will never be greater than like 10 so I could just assign every square by hand. It always  <pre class="prettyprint">origin-x (+/-) j*10, origin-y (+/-) j*10</pre> and I seem to be having a brainfart. 
 It doesn't matter you can't pay them enough to use a toilet. 
 The shape is equal to the move radius and diagonal movement isn't allowed. So moving to the square to your northeast would require two steps. The range indicator expands according to that limitation. 
   
 web devs are the worst 
 vs  
  shit am i blind or how do i get a polynomial spline function when given knot points and values? i could have sworn there was a method called "interpolate". wtf?? 
 all you're doing is loading a dictionary and randomly picking strings 
 less than minimum wage compared to someone in a developed country 
 i forgot about SplineInterpolator. at least i haven't gone completely insane 
 masha? 
Got a friend who wants me to do some webshit for him over the winter break. He's paying, and the task seems simple enough (literally a clone of a game played in /b/ threads that's going to be heavily centered around the chat), so I guess... time to be doing a ton more Ruby programming. 
 have you made games before? it might seem easy because creating the actual game logic is pretty easy, but theres a LOT of shit around it that needs to be done, especially if you want animations, GUI and content in general 
  I have done some game development before, making a scrolling shooter game. What I'm working on, however, has a very minimalist set of rules, and won't require much in the way of graphics changes except for flood filling part of a map. This is a strategy game kind of like Risk, except structured heavily around diplomacy.  Also, kek at this bingo board. Most of this I've done in class assignments... tfw no top center though. 
 Why not NodeJS? 
  Because I know Ruby better than I know JS, and I also know this thing isn't going to get more than a few hundred users on at any given time. 
 kill you'reself 
 K. Personally, I would invest some time in NodeJS. Shit's really handy when doing projects like you mentioned.  I'm fine. Waiting for christmas. 
  I love how I'm the only one with top center. It makes me feel like I've almost done something with my life. 
' What a fucking joke, yesterday's was much harder 
 What's the challenge? 
  Grad school really does put a stint in one's career. Although I've been debating whether or not to get a PhD, I do not plan to do so without having spent at least 10-15 years in the industry (as a number of my professors seem to have done). But I am going to focus on getting this master's degree, as I do know of a few job opportunities for me that are opened up because of it.  Also, just realized I can technically check off functional programming. Had to do a lot of racket code for a class on "functional programming and discrete mathematics"... which was mostly the latter, although we did end up writing a bit of code to do things like identifying injections and other logic-related crap. 
 --- Day 8: Matchsticks ---  Space on the sleigh is limited this year, and so Santa will be bringing his list as a digital copy. He needs to know how much space it will take up when stored.  It is common in many programming languages to provide a way to escape special characters in strings. For example, C, JavaScript, Perl, Python, and even PHP handle special characters in very similar ways.  However, it is important to realize the difference between the number of characters in the code representation of the string literal and the number of characters in the in-memory string itself.  For example:  "" is 2 characters of code (the two double quotes), but the string contains zero characters. "abc" is 5 characters of code, but 3 characters in the string data. "aaa\"aaa" is 10 characters of code, but the string itself contains six "a" characters and a single, escaped quote character, for a total of 7 characters in the string data. "\x27" is 6 characters of code, but the string itself contains just one - an apostrophe ('), escaped using hexadecimal notation. Santa's list is a file that contains many double-quoted string literals, one on each line. The only escape sequences used are \\ (which represents a single backslash), \" (which represents a lone double-quote character), and \x plus two hexadecimal characters (which represents a single character with that ASCII code).  Disregarding the whitespace in the file, what is the number of characters of code for string literals minus the number of characters in memory for the values of the strings in total for the entire file?  For example, given the four strings above, the total number of characters of string code (2 + 5 + 10 + 6 = 23) minus the total number of characters in memory for string values (0 + 3 + 7 + 1 = 11) is 23 - 11 = 12.  haven't seen the 2nd challenge, but they're never usually much harder than the 1st, just a little further tinkering 
after spending some time on webdev how hard is it to move to other more rigorous kinds of software dev? I mean employers won't take you seriously right? 
 its different from webshit, but you should be fine employers dont care as long as you're applying to a company with a HR department, because they dont know shit anyway 
  It's really unnecessary for me to go learn multiple web frameworks when I don't plan to make a career out of web development. Ruby+Sinatra does pretty much everything I need. 
 what a horribly formulated question for such a retardedly simple task 
 I thought Ruby has died long ago. 
 You're a huge tool 
  It still sees some use today, but it's no longer "hip".   Personally, I don't care about what's hip. I care about what I can effectively wield. For me, where performance is less relevant, Ruby tends to fulfill that role. I tend to use it for pretty much anything that other people would use Python for. Mainly because I'm pretty meh at Python, but have memorized a shit ton of the odd string and array methods Ruby has for manipulating crap.     You wanna go, mate? 
  Nah, i'd rather just filter you. 
 But boxed types are immutable. 
'  I'm sure by even an intermediate coder's standards it's still a negligible amount of code, but having 6 class prototypes and definitions sandwiching my main is beginning to eat at me. 
 maybe you shouldn't write shit code in the first place senpai 
 Fair enough. I'd rather pick Python for the same reason as you. I know the BBC uses Ruby for testing purposes, so it's not completely dead yet. 
Fuck AoC Day 8, I'm not sure why my solution doesn't work anymore and the challenge seems so simple compared to something like Day 7 that I didn't have any problems with, ugh. 
 But writing good code implies I'm a good coder, domo. 
OP here, going to bed. See you guys in 116 posts! 
 fucking hell the captcha for reporting is literally impossible. fuck off stupid fag troll 
2 weeks to finish chess in javafx  so far i can select a piece, the game knows the type and color, and it's target  did out the game logic yesterday, the checkmate/check looks like it will be a real nightmare but it's all there in pseudocode anyway 
where do I find good projects that accept commits or contributors that I can throw on my resume? 
 Logic as in chess AI? 
Apologies for being an absolute fucking retard, but I'm trying to do a foreach loop in C# for each value on a list, but I want to omit a result with a certain value, how do I do that? 
 And yes I realise I could do an if value = [omitted value] { do nothing } but i was wondering if there was a better way to do it than that. 
Ask your beloved programming literate anything. 
  just the logic for a chess move, i had something like     // Pseudo     IF PLAYER x     CCHECK (check for check)     SELECT ONLY x PIECES, SELECT TARGET     IF SELECT is (PIECE TYPE)     RUN PIECETYPE.move(SELECT, TARGET, BOARD)     IF MOVE == VALID     CHANGE BOARD     CCHECK     RETURN BOARD, CCHECK     CHECK WINNER CHECK STALEMATE      // CCHECK     FOR EACH ENEMY PIECE     CHECK IF MOVE TARGET == KING RETURNS TRUE     CHECK = TRUE ELSE CHECK FALSE      IF CHECK == TRUE     // Check for checkmate     IF EVERY PIECE MOVE      RETURNS CHECK == TRUE     WINNER = 1 or 2 // work it out here     ELSE     SELECT PIECE, SELECT TARGET UNTIL CHECK == FALSE     // alternative is player concedes      IF MOVE == VALID     DO MOVE     CHANGE PLAYER      Tbh it was just something I threw together yesterday as a guideline for when I start doing the move code 
 my version seems to have much better accuracy for my use case and at least as good accuracy in other cases. fuck yeah 
Again, packet dissection and Ethernet frame differentiation. I wrote a prototype for a dissector in a separate project and now I'm going to integrate it in the main project. Pretty much the only reason to also implement 802.2 LLC/SNAP is (R)STP. For the dissector, I want to generate properties, so I only have to define the structure once. I got some hate for generating classes before, but I still think it's the best way to do it, or at least using metaclasses. The only issue I still have is reading bitstrings. I don't want to use a library, but there doesn't seem to be a lot written about it. I'd like some hints on that. I'm using Python. 
 Is there a way to call functions (that use members from my base class) in a derived class from the base class? God, this is such a clusterfuck. 
 you mean this? <pre class="prettyprint">class derived: public base {    void potato() { base::potato() } }</pre> 
 C++? Yes, sure. 
 <pre class="prettyprint">class Foo {     void foo() {         if(this instanceof Bar) {             ((Bar) this).bar()         }     } } class Bar extends Foo {     void bar() {         System.out.println("neat")     } }</pre> 
 I think he means something like this: <pre class="prettyprint">#include cstdio  struct Master {     virtual void dicks()     {         printf("hello\n")     }      void something()     {         // You can also call Master::dicks() here to explicitly invoke the method from base         dicks()     } }  struct Slave: public Master {     void dicks()     {         // Same deal here         printf("world\n")     } }  int main(int, const char **) {     Slave slave{}     slave.something()     return 0 }</pre> 
    I must be retarded since I can't figure this shit out. <pre class="prettyprint">Main.cpp------------------------ #include "Base.h"  int main() {     Base base     Derived derived     base.test()     return 0 } Base.h-------------------------- #pragma once  class Base { protected:     int interestingThing1     int interestingThing2 public:     Base() = default     void test() } Base.cpp------------------------ #include "Base.h" #include "Derived.h"  void Base::test() {     interestingThing1 = 5     interestingThing2 = 7     doStuff() // error: 'doStuff' was not declared in this scope     this-doStuff() // error: 'class Base' has no member named 'doStuff'     Derived::doStuff() // error: cannot call member function 'void Derived::doStuff()' without object } Derived.h----------------------- #pragma once #include "Base.h"  class Derived : public Base { protected:     void doStuff() public:     Derived() = default } Derived.cpp--------------------- #include "Derived.h" #include iostream  void Derived::doStuff() {     std::cout  interestingThing1 + interestingThing2 }</pre> 
whats wrong with my program? 
 It's not working? 
 no, idle wont run it. 
 lower case while dummy 
 You make absolutely not sense. Do you poo in loo? 
 im such a fucking moron. thank you.[spoiler][/spoiler] 
Is there a good subreddid that discusses writing programming languages (both interpreted and compiled but preferably more focus on the former)? 
 The best subreddit for you is the suicide assistance subreddit. 
 If you were using a probabilistic programming language, you'd already be done. 
  Why even bother? 
 go annoy someone else where 
How do you design a class which can take const char* directly, std::istream or a filename as a constructor?  <pre class="prettyprint">MyClass(const char* data) MyClass(std::istream data) MyClass(const char* filename) </pre> 
 Well a for each loop is intrinsically purely iterative. That means that  it doesn't even keep track of the count. It just manages to traverse the "array of elements". I say "array" because it could be an enumeration process.  Iterators like the for each loop were made before they even had the "for int" loops like you see today. Back then they were called simply iterators, though.  Sorry I couldn't help you, btw. Maybe you could try to do something like...use a ternary operator that assigns on a conditional basis. If you set the condition to one explicit thing you could make sure that the assignment was only valued against the "omitted" value. This might prompt the compiler to optimize the process as an and process and streamline the array through a omission principle that simply inserts the odd man out at top of the stack and then flushes buffer upon fail. 
  Newfag detected. 
 traps stay in lgbt why not 
 have your class wrap a buffer of data and then just make your constructors into different ways of loading that data? whats the problem? 
  Still a newfag 
 The problem is, if you pass a const char*, how does the constructor know if its a filename it needs to read to get the data or actual data? 
 I figured it out anyways, I just used an if statement within the foreach loop, worked to my advantage, because I did want to do something with the value I wanted to omit. 
 you have to be a newfag to not like traps? 
  No you just don't know that cross-dressing helps programming skill.  Havwnt you seen the old dpts 
 you'r cancer 
 I can help walk you through these logic errors if you're still around. This kind of reminds me of the jump between visual basic, as it was in high school where the professor has all the code defined for you, and Java. I think I can help you. 
   ' 
 I'm still here but I might get off soon as it's pretty late. I've thought about it more and it seems I like I'm a total retard and could just put the methods from the derived class in the base class but then I'd just end up with a gigantic clusterfuck class. 
Program yourself some brains faggets 
 i'm not newfag 
 Good to hear.  You can still use ternary operators that way, btw. On condition fail it allows you run an expression and since it's limited to one is optimized through a variety of means appropriated to the syntax value. Instead of Giving you a narrowing clause, it branches out.  Food for thought. Happy coding! 
   
 const* char only supplies a pointer to a string from a dynamic location. If you pass it as such you will need to handle it as such. If you make the const* char pointer a const pointer to an array of a specified size then you can both let the constructor and future coder that's reading your code know that you are passing a filename.  The program can't know anything you haven't helped it "learn". 
Hey guys, do you happen to know about any C# books for a beginner? 
 check  
 You are right to be thinking along those lines but it seems to me that you might just be fatigued. I don't say this to be snarky or "smarter" than you, I'm simply meaning that you are placing a class that doesn't exist yet in a class that it turns into, so to speak.  base-derived derived -/-base  and while derived can make calls to functions within its own base class, meaning that while you can call the point to the class that you extend with your derived class, you can't loop forward in time and back to your base class from the derived stand point.  Also, the this pointer in the classes is intrinsic. You don't need to declare it. And don't forget to define your classes in the .cpp file if you've already declared them in your base class.  Let me know if that makes sense of if I'm coming off as a fucking prick. It's late for me too but I like how much effort you've put into that project there to just let you give up on it before I've extended a helping hand. 
 Dude, you're arguing with a mod. Who cares, ignore her autism.  You got any code you need help with or are your feelings just hurt? I'm here to help. 
 dont' forget to declare your functions in the .cpp file, I mean. Not the classes. I guess declaring the classes stands to reason but I don't mean to come off as pedanctic. Let's leave that to the computers. 
 Will do. Thanks, anon. 
 '  
 What? I know what a const char pointer is anon. This is a design question.  <pre class="prettyprint">struct MyString {     std::string data     MyString(const char* data) : data(data) {}     MyString(conat char* file) {         ifstream stream(file)         stream  data     } } </pre>  How do you distinguish from a file and raw data passed to the constructor? 
Best functional lang? 
Consider the following code:  <pre class="prettyprint"> # include cstdlib # include iostream # include cmath  using namespace std  double Arithmetic_Progression(int n, double a, double l)  /* */ int main(int argc, char** argv)  {     double a     double l     int n     double r     double q          n = 5     a = 1     l = 10          cout  "\n"     cout  "  Sum of the Arithmetic Progression:\n"     cout  "  C++ version\n"     cout  "\n"     cout  "The sum of the Arithmetic Progression of first term:"  a  "\n"     cout  "last term:" l  " and "  n  " terms is:\n"     cout  Arithmetic_Progression(n,a,l)                  return 0 }  double Arithmetic_Progression(int n, double a, double l) {     return (a + l)*n/2 }  </pre>  The code above is returning me 0x804a04427.5. What gives? In return for your help, a pic of a pineapple pizza . 
 Yeah, I think I've figured it out. I can do what I'm looking for with a non-instantiable friend class composed of static methods. (at least I hope, I'm going to bed after all this thought) 
 <pre class="prettyprint">#include iostream int main() { std::cout  std::cout  27.5 } </pre> Shortest program that highlights your problem. Next time figure it out yourself. 
Anyone here got any good ideas on a good basis for a grammar model search mechanism? I want to steer clear of the common moralities and empowerment speeches you see in games. Instead I want to focus on the growth process as the means. So, like how you can use particular skills to gain information or opportunities in the Bioware games, instead of getting more loot or instead of making it easier, you learn something about the NPC in the near future or you gain experience towards that one particular's more "hidden" stats.  I know this sounds weird but it almost reminds me of the whole "liked" stat you find in RPGs like Mass Effect and Star Ocean. Except that instead of making you better at getting laid, you can create paralells between how you want your character to grow ( and devote yourself to a hard to train skill at the cost of convincing this particular person you are extending an olive branch ) or micromanage the PCNPC relationship to completely change the story for you. I actually intend on making a fully randomized story with branching clauses and all that good stuff but first I need to manage a character that doesn't run on purely inherent biological cycles. No morality, no the journey is the way, no loot fests ( though there is loot ), not god mode 25% of the way into the game. I'd spend more time on this part of it but the fighting system is actually going to be very much in depth. I just don't know how to do both things without making the NPC-PC interactions all about sating immediate desires.  It's a kind of post-apocalyptic/cyberpunk games along the lines of maybe the Diamond Age by Neal Stephenson but with a slight emphasis on the seemingly meaningless changes that can come about from simply not having the opportunity presented to you in the current play through. Heavily inspired by nethack but not emphasizing the mechanics so much as it will all mostly be running from a command line interface that pretty much is you "logging in" to the "matrix?" 
  
 Look closely at this line: <pre class="prettyprint">cout  "last term:" l  " and "  n  " terms is:\n"</pre> 
 looks like you want CRTP, look it up 
 Why should I figure out myself if you can spoonfeed me?   Thanks for the help, I realized that I used the second  on the second to last cout. Now the program is working good.   Still, I was expecting some kind of breaking segmentation fault that pointed the exact line where it was happening. I guess Python and Java spoiled me a bit. 
  Usually you'll get that but streams work through black magic and fuck everything up. 
 Allocation size. Like I said, you can make the parameter, i.e. const char (*data)[ 100 ], then you can't readily expect it to be file data as the OS limit for files is nowhere near 100 characters but the filename limit is. 
  redditor invented a programming language 
 what exactly is the problem using something like this? <pre class="prettyprint">struct MyString {     std::string data     MyString(unsigned char* data, unsigned int size)     {         data.reserve(size)         memcpy(data[0], data, size)     }     MyString(const std::string filename) : MyString(std::ifstream(filename)){}      MyString(std::istream stream)     //Read data here } </pre> 
  No, data isn't binary, its ascii null terminated. You don't pass a size to a null terminated c-style-string. This means constructor signature is the same for both cases. 
 I just recently got a book on genetic programming for language but I don't have time to do that, look for more work, spend time with my son and come up with things for us to do, write out item lists and plot out the balance system for the fighting engine. I figure someone with enough time working with word dictionaries might have some insight on the matter. I had a friend working on this with me but he's always busy with his hairy faced girlfriend. 
 Enjoy your JavaScript then. Your design parameters are exactly the reason why you pass an expected limit to the size in your parameter listing. The signature doesn't necessarily "change", the memory that is allocated is more forcibly ascii null terminated.  Your autism is showing. I'll laeve you to it. If you come on here to ask people for help and then deny it on the basis of some imaginary top down design implementation then you fail to see the point of the study. 
    ISHYGDDT 
  What does js have to do with anything?   I don't store the data, i pass it on to another library which expects a null terminated c-string. If i passed a const char* pointer with a size, i would have to copy the data, add a null terminator, and only then pass it on.  'change", the memory that is allocated is more forcibly ascii null terminated. If you pass a size, the expectation isn't a null terminated string, the expectation is raw binary data. 
New Haskell article out:   
 No one cares. 
 those increment and decrement functions don't do anything, you muppet 
  Could you do us the favor and close that penis head brendan frasier thread? 
 Are you the guy who keeps telling me "No one cares. Kill yourself?" 
 Common Lisp and Erlang. 
 He's definitely not the only one who would rather you kill yourself. 
 Just replace them with modA( int ) and modB( int ) 
 Nope, but let's go with that. 
 ' ftfy 
 Don't worry about her. She's probably one of the mods come here from fit to spread disinformation. You really don't know how far people have been going in this term of election. I know it sounds unrelated but it isn't.  I'm probably going to get banned in a bit under some false premise. 
   b-but muh freedoms 
 C is all about caller responsibility.  It's not as safe, but it's how you get efficiency. 
   ishyggy 
 webfag detected 
 ' m8... 
 Of course they do.  But to write idiomatic and fast C code, which is why you should be using C in the first place, the caller must be allowed to control things like allocation. 
 I just noticed that it was for a map too. I couldn't imagine he'd only implement increment functions if he was going to simply a manner to randomly call the functions...  Using a switch case he'd have a better output time than incrementing through the list from such a high level operation. Creating an interface would knock out both the construction phase and the directing phase in the design.  Is it like women's day or gay gay or something? All these work arounds for legitimacy points but it seems someone is failing to see that they're just opening up more access points for someone to squeeze information out of. 
 Uhhh not that you're gay or feminine or anything. But it seems completely unlike you're learning and rather just applying something by force, the way a lot of the current feminism and gay rights movements are pushing right now.  Also, yeah, I don't think those incremement and decrement functions are doing anything. 
 Kind of blind and, honestly, reading through the constructs on here sometimes gives me a headache. Appreciate the correction, though. But I'm not exactly a "webfag". I just don't hide behind the details as if people can't just outright tell a bold lie from a superiority complex. 
  
Working on big fat CSV convert via sqlite in python. Has 70 headers exact, maybe 20-24k entries. Currently have this and getting syntax error from col1 <pre class="prettyprint"> import csv, sqlite3 conn = sqlite3.connect('cust.db') c = conn.cursor()   def make_database():     c.execute('CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS ctable ('col1 VARCHAR </pre>  Any ideas why that col1 would throw a syntax error? 
 i think the syntax highlighting shows you 
 I think I get it now. """ needs to go right before create table and after I establish what headers Ill be using so <pre class="prettyprint">c.execute("""CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS example(header0 VARCHAR, header1)""") </pre> 
Night, you guys. Morning for those of you in the Americas.   I'll hopefully be back in a few hours to shit post.  Yeah, I know. I don't really care, though. DPT is awesome to me. 
Right now a basic webapp in django for handling inventory, point of sales, and some accoutning info.   Next try developing an app for a better loyalty rewards program. 
how one can really acquire programming literacy ? 
 nice programming language ahmed 
In C++, can you pass a class member to std::function within current class? For instance: <pre class="prettyprint">struct SomeFunc {     void foo()     {         baz(bar)     }      bool bar(int a)     {         return true     }      bool baz(const std::functionvoid(int) func)     {         return func(5)     } } </pre> 
When do you think Zen will be out in fully fledged consumer version and will you buy one?   Will AMD get into the high performing segment of the market again? 
 There's rumors of Zen-compatible motherboards coming in march. 
no, i built my lmaolake pc when it was released. thank god i did bought it on release tho, the prices right now are retarded. £370 for the 6700k, i paid like £270 the day it came out.  i do hope zen is a competitive product, and we see something with more ipc than at least a 2500k lol 
Q2-Q3 2016.  And no I won't buy one. I have no issue with AMD, and I hope Zen is great to create some competition for Intel. But I have a 4790k and will have no real reason to upgrade for a while. 
 Amd should maintain the more cores stint too. Dual core Pentium competitor Tri core i3 competitor with ht Quad core i5 competitor with ht Hex core i7 competitor with ht.  As well as some 6 cores without ht around i5 prices too.  If their ipc will only be a little behind Intel, having more cores will put their processors pretty far ahead.  I'd buy a tri core zen at i3 prices. 
  Mid-2016. Not buying into the hype, I have to see to believe. I have hopes though. If it's a good deal and proves to be solid (~a month after release) I may get myself one.   Not immediately but this is their entry ticket, maybe after a year if all things go well. 
    no. 
 So you don't think a budget dual core cpu should be sold? So they should start at i5 quad core and sell nothing below that?   You're a fucking moron. 
  Not him but that's a bit of a strawman. Both Intel and AMD have their low power, low performance cores. Imagine buying an atom based celeron on a desktop, sounds horrific. 
   Given as a rule moar coars is a good thing and how far ahead on the integrated graphics front AMD is just selling low power apus is a far better option than some shit-tier dual core chip. 
Yes 
Yes 
 I'm actually thinking of picking up an atom. Throw in an ssd and you have a decent low powered computer you can leave running overnight for large downloads. It'll ease my electricity bill somewhat as opposed to my overclocked i7 870 and gtx 670.  Also good for general browsing and shitposting, and much cheaper than a laptop.  Can pick up as arock j1900m micro atx for aud 50. Refurbished. Was originally considering the athlon 5350 but prices went up,  fuck the Australian dollar  _   You're a fucking moron if you think budget dual core processor are going anywhere any time soon.  A g3240 is enough for most people who just want to browse the web, study,  and just regular computer shit. 
 I'm halfway inclined to agree with you but it doesn't work all the way. You need single core performance, even now. The kitty cat cores may be more than acceptable for their TDP in the extreme low range, they're not something you'd want in a desktop if you can avoid it.  I'd rather a dual core kaveri module running at 3.5GHz than a quad core beema module running at 2.4GHz. Even with the same IGP on both, the beefier core of kaveri would be way better for an end user. 
 It's not just about what's better, you also have to consider what's enough.   For the average user who doesn't do anything overly demanding, a budget dual core processor is plenty. 
 _ Well, at least you've the option of buying it. In my country the shops stock niche things like that until they sell off the first batch and that's it. They won't even order it.  You know you could buy a laptop motherboard with a soldered on CPU. I'm eyeing up some of the old kaveri ones and it should be very possible to just throw it in a case and enjoy a 19 watt thin client with very decent performance. Shouldn't surprise me if you found quite a few core i series available that way, for very little money. 
 That would be neat. I've seen at least one person claim that Zen cores are produced in groups of four with no hardware capability to disable cores though which could leave AMD without much flexibility.  Still I'm hoping that we see them able to disable cores. Even if the 'groups of four' rumor is true we'll at the very least have the possibility of seeing a 12 core chip. 
  That could potentially be a first for quite some time. Unless I see a first party source I'm calling bullshit on this, very loudly. 
 The joy 
 I was considering the laptop cpu mobo deal, could get them for a little more. But the atom would still use less power and be plenty fast with an ssd. $50 for the atom, or $75 for a c2d laptop mobo+cpu. I saw an i3 for $99 though,  but meh, it's only $50 for the atom.  I'd love to snag a VIA but no one sells them here, only ones I've found are horribly outdated ones on ebay. 
 Yeah, I really hope its bullshit.  A pricing structure like this would be great. $100-$130 3 core zen $130-$160 4 core zen $160-$190 6 core zen $190-$250 8 core zen 
  i5's should be 6cores i3's should be 4cores i7's should be 8cores  You seem to have convinced yourself that Dual Core processors are the only option. You probably like to watch your partner and a black man fuck too. 
 Fucking this, £350 upward for the 6700K. I got a 5820K on sale for £290 instead. 
 Summit Ridge will have at least a paper launch before Q4 2016. A slide deck showed availability starting mid way into Q3.   Thats not a rumor, and its not relevant. The desktop version of Carrizo called Bristol Ridge is on socket AM4, and its launching Q2 2016. There'll be AM4 boards on the market for a long time before any Zen based Summit Ridge chips are available. 
I will always buy Intel™ because I only play games with Intel Inside™. Intel also pioneers innovative new technologies like Hyper Threading Technology™, Intel Rapid Start Technology™ and the highest quality chipsets to ever grace motherboards. When I boot up with a brand new Intel™ i7™ with the latest Z chipset, I can enjoy the games the way they where meant to be with Intel Inside™. Intel™ also delivers a far more silkysmooth experience with its Hyper Threading Technology™. Intel i5™ is also very power efficient. A processor is the most power hungry device in your house. Air conditioners, water heaters, lights, etc all use less power than a processor. Which is why Intel™ puts gamers first by ensuring that their gaming experience is of the highest quality while looking out for gamers by giving them the most value in their electrical bill. At this point in time, there's really no reasons to consider an AMD processor at all. I tried once, it caused so much heat that it exploded and nearly burnt down my house. It also consumed so much power that it produced an EMP and destroyed not only the rest of my computer but my entire neighborhood. Intel™ also pioneered how useless MORE CORES is with the i™ series processors. Years ago, everyone thought MORE CORES were the future. Now, Intel™ has debunked that myth entirely and increased efficiency. Now you can save thousands a year in electricity thanks to Intel™ with its powerful IPC. MORE CORES will never be part of Intel's™ line up. It's quite clear that OPs an AMD shill trying to convince you to settle on something less than the optimal experience with Intel Inside™. Intel™ is the only real way to play games. We have seen recently that they offer incredible libraries for software developers like Intel C++ Compiler. He is probably too poor to afford the Intel Inside™ experience and can not afford to play any games. Don't be a poor gamer with bad chipsets and a huge power bills. Play games with Intel Inside™ 
  Yes, if it offers a decent performance boost over my 4770K. 
AMD has been disappointing for years already.      They make chips that are 2/3 as fast as Intels, and they can only compete by being half the price. I feel that Zen will be no different. 
 So, no more pentiums?  You're a fucking moron. 
 Why force a more expensive quad core on people when a dual core is plenty powerful for them? 
 You probably won't be getting one then.  Odds are it will end up around the per core performance of Sandy Bridge or a touch better. 
Will Zen's die be soldered to heatspreader? Does AMD solder or does it use thermal paste? Intel went full jew after Sandy Bridge. 
 AMD has been doing both on and off. Some chips have had TIM under the heat spreader, their most recent Godavari chips are soldered. 
 I could really consider purchasing Zen if they'd solder it. 
 If it comes close to Haswell in performance and supports ECC in consumer versions, I'll just immediately. 
 yes im buying zen , no i don't care as long as its better than bulldozer and vishera. seriously i just don't care I just want AMD with m.2 support and some decent black and green mobo for the MATX class of cases.  as for getting in to the high proformace segment its hard to say but if its flagship is better than the 9590 then yes, there is hope.  for me as long as it does what I want i don't care. 
 If their performance improvement chart is anything to go by it means zen will be at least as fast as haswell per clock 
 you can get whole 2nd hand thinkpad x200/x300's with duo2cuos for like $50 AUD, less if they have an easily fixed issue like fan error boot failures or a BIOS password 
 It doesn't have to be expensive. AMD has been selling cheap quad cores for 5 years now. 
If Zen is even 85% of haswell performance then yes, I'll be buying their too model and good stout overclocking motherboard without hesitation. I had an fx-9370 for the longest time until the sabertooth motherboard it was in started dying on me. There were no decent am3+ boards readily available so I went out and bought z97 and an i5 chip. Felt like a traitor doing it. At the same time I'm not going to buy into another bulldozer disaster. They had better bring everything they got to the table or the only thing I'll be buying from them is video cards. Even that it's up on the site looking at his hard furyX failed. Overclockers dream my ass. 
 And dual cores are selling even cheaper.    Fury x may not be overclockers dream, but I wouldn't call it a fail. With new drivers it outperforms 980 ti at 4k, and trades blows at 1440p.  It's also better in crossfire than the 980 ti is in sli 
 Sabertooths have a 5 year warranty, rma that shit 
I'm excited to see what they'll do with the Raven Ridge APUs due out Q1 2017. I hope they have HBM on package. 
I'm waiting for the Opterons. I switched from a pair of Opteron 6128's to a Xeon E5-1620 and currently using a Xeon E5-2660. 
 What about 1 core+HT Zen for $50? 
 That would be a hilarious SKU, but I doubt they'll ever offer less than a dual core. 
  For what purpose? 
 Do your own open source benches then 
 Budget 60 dollar dual core zen? 
bought a lmaowell 4690k and going to keep it until zen comes out, if zen's performance is 30% faster, i will replace, if not, will wait for another intel release probably (3-4years) 
 wanted to add, my next cpu will be 8 physical cores, unless new 4core version is ~50% faster single core speed 
  they better hope so. 
My FX-8350 build will last me another two or three years, at which point Zen will definitely be out.  Hyperthreaded eight core Zen would be a hell of an upgrade. 
 gl m8, i'll wait with my e6600 till amd is 139% faster than xenon 48238 @ 0.4GHz 
 4690k at stock is faster than e6600, 104% to 300% depends what computing task is used 
 But APUs are great. You easily save $200 by getting the A10-7870K over an equivalent Intel CPU + NVidia GPU and this is not counting the lower energy bills. 
  For the money involed AMD's apus have absolutely zero competition from Intel. If you go for a system without a dedicated gpu you go AMD every time.  Inb4 iris pro 
   I expect that the bottom end will continue to be filled by cat cores and bulldozer derivatives for a while. After that it will probably be Zen APUs with the graphics hardware disabled.  I also wouldn't be surprised at all if what we get with Zen this year is only the higher end chips with all of the more mainstream chips coming as APUs in 2017. 
 '  Fuck off. 
  The iri pro is only on chips that cost many, many times those APU. If you are buying an iris pro chip you have specialised needs because honestly anything the iris pro can do a  dedicated gpu can do better. 
  Really, i don't mind, i would sell my intel i5 4440 + 280x rig and update to AMD.  Fuck, i forgot about emulators, let's hope that it won't suck much in them. 
 With the IPC improvements it should be right up there with Intel chips in emulators. Hopefully we also see emulators as early adopters of Vulkan and the new version of OpenCL. That could really help their CPU bottleneck. 
 Where else am I supposed to wait? 
  I stoll dont get this emulator maymay. Using an FX 8320 and both when its at stock and at its current OC (4.2ghz, hardly an OC), i get perfect emulation w dolphin (ssbbrawl 50 fps constant).   My buddy has an i5 3570k and ssbb runs the same on his rig. 
Zen isn't coming out til fucking Q4 2016:  
  It is amusing how Intel users are declaring Zen dead on arrival because it isn't arriving RIGHT NOW GODDAMNIT despite the fact said intel users were never going to upgrade anyway. 
   what 
 I guess they thought 4460 offered too much for the money. It's still a better buy than 6400.  That's what happens when you don't have competition, you are free to do whatever. 
 Apparently Haswell has some architectural bits that allow it to be far better than its predecessors at emulation. 
 That is only the idle power. You have to look at the speed with turbo active. 
Fuck wangblows. Special fuck you to who created vista and duel boot promgram. What's the best Linux to replace vista with? Fucking sick of windows thinking they know what's best for my laptop, don't with this shitty os The only think I like to do with windows is delete  it. 
 Gentoo, then after you've realized how shit Linux is, get W10 and embrace the botnet 
   The fuck you're talking about fucking nigger, learn to manage MBR/GPT disk and how the MBR, PBR, bootmgr, ntldr, grub and bcd store works before blaming an OS for your shitty stupidity. 
 You would probably enjoy Mint or Lubuntu. Out of the two I would suggest you use Lubuntu 
   grow up, kid 
  
 Chili faggot, Nota pro but know enough that windows is worst o.s less you got a bisness 
 Never, just swore off all windows 
 Also xp only wangblows I could use with out wanted eat a bullet. 
 Arch, although you may need to follow some guide to install it for the first time, it's not that difficult, and it's really nice and clean. Whatsoever, if you just want a "just werks™" distro, then go for linux mint, really loved it before. 
  sounds like a personal problem breh 
 You can replace vista with literal shit, it’ll still be better than vista. 
 can 100% back up this guy's claims. Used ubuntu for a while (gross) and switched to mint and felt better. A few years ago I switched to Arch and everything is gr8. Their install guide for arch is amazing 
 ubuntu. seriously. its given me the least amount of headaches of any other distro and ive already been through arch, gentoo, and freebsd. I AM A WALKING MEME YOU CAN TRUST ME 
 
What went wrong?    
 botnet was too blatant 
Have you tried to use Windows 10?  Now imagine the average PC user, who will be afraid if the Internet icon looks different or that Solitaire isn't the same any more. 
 Uh, no.  It's all the telemetry shit. 
 The only thing they offered that was worthwhile was DX12 which requires a hardware upgrade many people aren't ready for yet.  On the other side there have been plenty of problems with upgrading that people are wary of and would rather wait until they hit a point where it makes sense to upgrade, and most of the bugs have been ironed out, rather than jump from a stable platform. 
W7 works for me now. W10 will most likely bring some difficulties, while bringing no real benefits (and tracking, of course). Why would I expose myself to potential problems when what I have now works, and when I know I'll eventually shift to Linux and dual-boot W7 only for games? 
With Windows there's not a lot of reason to upgrade to the newest version unless you have some specific needs that the older version does not offer (DX12 for example).  Besides this Windows 10 doesn't offer too much, not even a noticeable performance difference.  The truth is that windows 7 is the last version that offers classic theme and is the last version of windows that has consistent looks.  I don't mention the botnet and data mining because I've heard win 7 got these updates too, but I bet average normie is convinced they're win10 exclusive.  You work as an office monkey? Win 7 runs memesoft office just fine Are you a an engineer? All CAD tools run on windows 7 just fine Are you a drooling /v/edditor? There's like 5 games that support DX12. 
W7 user here.  Win 10 has no benefits for me. Worse telemetry, less control over things like updates, more driver issues, and I don't like the user interface.  The only thing win 10 offers is directx 12 support, which is pointless until game developers start widely adopting it. 
7 is good enough. 10 doesn't offer enough reasons to switch. Also PC sales have been in a slump for a while and that's the primary market for windows 
i would be inclined to try it if it wasn't shoved in my face like some kind of spyware popup  i am having flashbacks to when i was a kid with porn viruses all over my pc  i always wait on a new OS. why risk having to deal with glitches or incompatibilities? give it 6 months so they can smooth everything out. let someone else be the guinea pig. 
 There are still people on 98 and 95. Did they hope for a 100%convert rate? Some people are comfortable with what they already have amd don't want to learn a new os. Others are smart and don't want a shitty buggy os that just launched.   What's your point OP? You're the one that started the thread, you can't just drop a link and expect me to read it. 
 Everybody thinks they'll eventually switch to Linux and dual-boot. If you're planning on doing it, do it. Otherwise, don't talk about it. 
 ODD RELEASES ONLY 
kek, I didn't switch from xp until 2011.  I'll stay on 7 until at least 2020 then eventually switch to my preferred distro as a daily driver, I already dual boot and I've been using it on my laptop for a few years. 
  funny, considering users of win10 can't refuse SHIT! so people who switch from 7 to 10 decide to never have an option again. yeah, nah. :) 
 I used xp until 2013 lol. 
  By 2020 wayland/systemd/pulseaudio will be the standard among all distros, and (hopefully) gnome devs will get their shit together so ganoo fuck loonix will have a much greater chance at succeeding on the desktop market, especially considering the fact that desktop sales drop. 
 Windows 10 is faster though. I gained around 5 fps average in battlefield 4 multiplayer after upgrading. 
  ' 
Shit my Windows Update is updating itself. What shit is it going to try do now? 
  So the year of the linux desktop will never happen because they adopt broken shit? 
 Like I said "noticeable" difference 
 that doesn't measure it very well. did you go from 20 fps to 25 (a 25% increase) or from 100 fps to 105 (a 5% increase)?   For that matter, was everything else held constant, like driver versions? 
 systemd is not broken pulseaudio used to be broken, not anymore wayland is still "under construction"  Dunno what u mean lol 
 Of course it wasn't constant, it was multiplayer.  If he said it was a benchmark I may have given him some credit, but in multiplayer that's just margin of error. 
How do I get rid of that annoying as fuck 'Upgrade to Windows 10' popup? I deleted it in the registry but it came back after a month. 
 Why would someone who only browses facebook need anything better? 
 Nope, they refuse to adopt systemd and it doesn't use pulseaudio either.   rubbish 
 you have to remove the update that installs it, and then hide that update so it doesn't come back. Remove the telemetry ones while you're there. 
 Get an operating system for yourself instead of renting one on someone else's terms 
 Spybot anti-beacon and aegis v1.8 stopped it completely for me.  Before that I would block it in firewall and instead of the upgrade pop-up I would just get crash notifications throughout the day. 
 Ah, must not have hid it. Thanks 
  this 
   seven thousand five hundred eighty nine keks m8 
 This. I said that I would dual boot and I never did.  <pre class="prettyprint">                                                                                                                                                                                                                          I just dropped Windows entirely one day and haven't used it since.</pre> 
 
 Setting windows update to install only important updates and no optional ones will make you less likely to have this problem in the future. 
  The entire linux audio stack is broken high latency shit. 
I gave Windows 10 a chance by trying Enterprise N LTSB. After a week Catalyst Drivers shit itself for no reason at all. After trying a clean install multiple times I gave up and reinstalled Windows 7. I hate everything about 10 except the "under the hood" fixes. I noticed zero problems in Event Viewer. I'll try it again when games stop supporting 7 and when Microsoft gets their shit together. 
 Went from high/mid 50s to low 60s.  Gtx 670, new drivers, but I doubt they're still optimising for bf4. 
Botnet I had to install Vista to remove the telemetry 
 I wonder how much were they paid to stand there 
 They do it FOR FREE 
  Most likely students picking up some extra cash. They won't be staff not in costume.  The casual rates are pretty good if you can dodge the gropers. 
 This 
   
 '' 
 I deleted the GWX folder or something in system32 you have to fuck with permissions to delete it though 
 I'm nearly finished Wing Commander 2. 
  Just this, windows 10 is awesome but I'm not going to use literal spyware as O.S 
  REEEEEEEEEEE 
 What went wrong? They didn't make an OS better than WIN7 so I don't know why they expect you to change. 
 To be fair, I'm still playing Totala, just got ff vii too.  10/10 recommend totala, god tier game, especially for the time.    
The UI looks like ass and reminds people of the dying windows phone OS.  Also, most people probably don't even give a rat's ass about the botnet as long as the OS just werks™(which it doesn't).  I'm staying with Windows 7 until Windows 11 or something better comes out. 
 I got a genuine CD of this game. 
 I lost mine and had to pirate it :(  Still my favourite rts game though.        
 that's suggestive, but you haven't proven anything, since the drivers are different and you aren't running a repeatable benchmark that's the same every time, as opposed to just playing and looking at what the framerate seems to usually be. You have to run a controlled test with everything the same except the operating system to know if there's something there. Welcome to the scientific method. 
 '  They got me 
The nagware pissed a lot of people off and the botnet got too blatant. People don't want to learn to use a new OS. There are no substantial advantages to most people. I can't think of a single real advantage of 10, and I've been using 10 as my main OS on my work machine for months. 
Spyware bullshit. Blatant as fuck. Forced updates with no details, shared WiFi bullshit. Fucking sandeep poo in loo must think consumers are all as dumb as the designated street shitters he's so familiar with 
 Just pirate Windows 7 Ultimate 
The biggest competitor to windows been old version of windows for a long time. People who need to use windows for work (Photoshop, CAD design and office drones) all have an IT department that doesn't want to deal with the shitstorm that is upgrading everyone's OS. People at home doesn't want to update either as you know it means more bloat is added to the system and since it doesn't impact the way you use your current computer, it must not be very important. Apple is one of the few companies who can get plebeians exicited and update their devices and the majority of those who don't is because their IT department don't want to deal with that as well. This is why people who are tired of being tech support converts people to linux. Worst case, they might like it and you get fewer requests, best case, they hate you and decide on their own to find help elsewhere. 
If they want to spy on me like Google, they should be free. The audacity of charging for an OS in this day and age when it literally collects data on you to sell to other people AND to sell YOU bullshit is absurd 
 This,desu 
Windows 10 has NINE percent market share? That's stunningly bad, given the steps MS took to encourage adoption.  And Linux is thriving. It won't overtake OS X or Windows soon, but it is growing very rapidly. 
   What are you doing, you kek? 
 Nigga, it IS free for Win7 users. 
  Not happening. Microsoft claims they are just going to eternally release more free updates for Windows 10. 
 Those nigers could have done that with Windows 7. Fuck microsoft. 
 Do you have any numbers by how much is linux on raise 
  Windows 10 (botnet operating system), can suck my balls 
   Windows 10. 
 
  Just why 
 Why do you use a trip? I see you posting in a lot if threads, often with an authoritative tone. Are you important? 
 I just switched back because 10 is unstable as hell. 
 Why would you use anything else? 
IT Technician here, the only good thing about W10 is that it makes us money.        I'd never personally use it and I tell clients that haven't already installed it to avoid it. 
 bitlocker 
   Useless bloat 
 He's important to me 3 
 Because I feel like it. You can filter if you don't like me you know.  I'm not that important, certainly not more important than you anon-kun.  Please have a nice day/night and I hope you do your best tomorrow. 
 It can be removed or disabled. It's worth it to avoid the artificial hardware restrictions. 
 I debloat my own win7 ultimate. Depending on what I use the machine for. 
  Or you can just use professional edition instead 
 It's not that I don't like you. It's just odd when seemingly random people choose to use a name and trip, especially since your posts generally seem neither more or less informed than those of other anonymous posters. 
 botnet 
 bullshit. disabling windows update service isn't a "fix". it's a shitty work around as you are basically opting out of legit updates too. also the telemetry switches don't work. the only way to opt out of that is to pay a volume license subscription for an 10 enterprise installation. and even then you're privacy is at microsofts whim 
 Well I guess you shouldn't be too surprised. 4chan isn't short of of odd people here. Honestly I know I can do without the trip but I just don't. Now I'm a voice that can easily be silenced. Anons seem happy about that. 
 Is there any hope of DX12 being able to run on Win 7 or will it always be Win 10 botnet exclusive? 
It's unstable. It kept crashing on me randomly. Luckily I was able to format my hdd and install a fresh copy of windows 7. 
 Nobody gives a shit about the botnet. What people don't like is the fact that the wundows UI looks like shit and all the software incompatibilities it brings. 
 It looks like shit to be honest. 
 They don't know who they are. 
 same here 
 What do you Win 7 enterprisefags have that good old Win 7 ultimate doesn't anyway? 
 It is his way of making this place more like facebook/reddit for him. He needs people to know his name.  I'll never even see his attention seeking posts as I have all tripkids filtered.   Best to just filter out posts with anything in the name field. 
Botnet o t n e t 
 Vulkan is basically Direct3D 12 without the artificial platform restriction. Just hope that developers opt to ignore D3D12 and put their efforts into Vulkan. 
  If tripfags really wanted so much fame why don't they leave 4chan and go on facebook or something. They know people filter them left and right yet they still post. 
Never change a running system.  After half a year, I downloaded and installed all the updates and BAM, my internet was slow as fuck.  Reinstalled drivers and what not, didn't help.  To make it short, the updates somehow turned Firefox unusable. I wonder what exactly the reason is for that.  Anyways, have been using Chrome a few days now.   Farewell Firefox 
 yeah, pretty much this  yeah, no thanks. microshit fucking did it again. i was even super eager to see the new 950/950xl but i aint falling for that either, not with that pricetag 
 We feel better about ourselves. That's it. 
 Some of them, as weird as it might sound, aren't here for fame. 
Windows 10 won't play this, why would I want windows 10? 
 Not just enterprise, enterprise N 
 You can't stop updates. See:   
 win 7 just werks. i have 8.1 on my laptop and it is worse in every way except startup time. 10 is the same, just with even more spyware and other bullshit. the whole forced update thing, it's just unbelievable. who would want to use that? 
 The N editions of Windows7 allow you to choose your own media player and software required to manage and play CDs, DVDs, and other digital media files. If you choose to useWindows Media Player 12, downloading it, along with related software, is free."  Nobody gives a shit, especially people sane enough to NOT use media player 12. 
 my issue and a few others i know  everyone i know issues  all they needed to do was release a nonbotnet, updated version of 7. which since 8 they have failed at delivering.  for some odd reason they think its harder than that 
 I don't know what happened to you, but w10 in my PC just werks. All my driver is installed easily on there while on w7, I should install it manually. 
 THIS so fucking much. 
 lel 
 Have fun updates being forced down your throat. 
 Sweet fuck this triggered my ptsd. 
  actually pretty funny. but GWX and selective updates. probably still being spied on but fuck it im not giving them the satisfaction of my "update" 
Windows 10 is not an operating system, it's a system operator. It fucking does everything for you even if you don't want it to do do it, and basically controls your computer, and not the other way around. 
  ME TOO.  DAT SOUNDTRACK and the bigger maps required 64mb Memory (or 128?) 
 
   
 '  holy fuck my sides hurt 
 Fuck you, I spit soda all over my keyboard. 
     I just need a perfect passthrough to say goodbye to this godforsaken OS. I'll miss foobar, but there's always wine for that. 
 Dam anon, you don't have to become a drunk just because you can't use foobar2k anymore. Get it together. 
Pull out all that intrusive shit, stop reapplying all intrusive settings upon updates, sort out all the fucking bugs, CUT OUT ALL THE INTRUSIVE SHIT, STOP WATCHING ME, REEEEEEEE! 
 foobar is RIP anyway, musicbee is hip right now 
 Does 8.1 count as odd? I actually like it... 
Reasons to upgrade   Reasons not to '   
 mild kek 
 this desu senpai i spend a shit ton of time gaming i randomly started dual-booting antergos out of curiosity 2 or 3 months later i was like "shit, i haven't even booted into windows since i started" so i just fucking wiped it all and installed arch unless you're a basement-dwelling sperglord, linux has enough games 
 MUH FREEDOM 
 it doesn't fix enough old problems it adds too many new problems PR failure wrt the botnet memes 
 '  Neither of those are happening in the next decade. 
 I can also just stay on 7 Removed the W10 update notifier and everything bad that came with it. Also still have the ability to shut updates off so they can't sneak back on. Fuck Microsoft 
 Hopefully by then SteamOS will be off the ground and running 
   topkek 
  i am laffin 
 7 has the same fucking botnet now, you dumb kids.  And you have to update or you're going to get viruses.  The only solution is to stop using Windows.  It's over.  Let it die. 
 I said i got rid of it already friend. Also blocked all known Microsoft IPs. I'll take my chances with the viruses.  Maybe by the time it becomes a real problem Linux won't be a timesink just to make it work. 
 I'd sperg out too if my OS forced me to restart my pc to apply shitty useless updates while I was encoding video. Fuck windows 10. 
  
 It doesn't "really" look like that though. 
 Best RTS ever.  Also this a new fully 3D engine for Total Annihilation and several mods. Highly recommended. 
  You're an idiot    Oh god, what a timesink to run a simple fucking installer, let a simple update happen and install programs from a nice, simple GUI out of a pool of TRUSTED, WORKING programs vs. a huge install, hours of initial updates, and going out to the internet to download tons of botnet-filled shitware to install on your infected goddamn Windows shitware.  Fuck you and fuck your stupid attitude.  Ditch Windows now, and you'll appreciate it forever.  You'll wonder why you ever thought otherwise.  Unless you're a paid MS shill, which is pretty fucking likely.  In that case, fuck off. 
 Why do you even care what he does? 
 TLDR  Don't you have some Linux thread to go circlejerk in? 
 Hey anon, I can't get league working on PlayOnLinux.9, it fails at 55% patching. My laptop doesn't have the memory to run a proper partition I don't think, any way to fix? I used the leddit post to no avail. 
Botnet made me try linux.  Ive had 0 issues with linux since transferring. Doubt ill go back at this point. 
 But can it run crysis? 
 You have to disable all that crap first though. This requires doing stuff. And doing stuff sucks. 
  lol 
 I didn't do anything except unpin the icons on my start menu and make icons on the task bar small.  Would you not change anything at all on some linux install? 
 I tried anon, windows explorer crashed on me, couldn't even open control panel. 
    
 Sorry friend. I was tired of inputting commands when I moved away from DOS It's just not for me and I refuse to go back to it. 
  Then never use Linux, it's nothing but "Doing stuff" 
Meh  I've been using windows 10 for a week now and it's good so far. You see, I have nothing to hide unlike you faggots and all your loli porn. 
  cool post, rajesh 
 I'll give that a try, but I don't think anything can beat the authentic totala experience. 
   Reeee no switch 
What's the benefit?   My computer is already extremely responsive and can do all the things I want to do 10 times over.  And I'm a pretty demanding user.   Well a big nope to that.   meh.  Win 7 is good enough for me.  What's a few FPS at the end of the day?     Win 10 is far more obtuse and difficult to use compared to Win 7. 
  It's exactly the same. 
    I dont even know anymore, should I migrate to Win10?     Implying they give much of a fuck about me in some 3rd world shithole at the otherside of the world. 
 I live in NSAland and I use 10 just for background window scrolling and snap resizing It's fine 
   i see that you like to bend over and letting Microsoft butt fuck you. 
 My only real issue with Win 10 is the UEFI bullshit. I refuse to buy a new copy of Windows just because I had to replace a dead motherboard.  I paid for Windows, I want to keep using that copy.  No different than if I buy a car, I own the fucking car. Just because I throw a new engine in it doesn't mean I have to pay Ford all over again. 
  '  More like:   
 how many thinkpads do you have 
 Not about what went wrong and more what went RIGHT (that is, Win7). It does everything I need or want it to and I have no reason to upgrade until there are more than just a handful of DX12 games. Aside from that Win10 offers absolutely nothing. 
 Try to turn off windows updates. 
  I edit and re-encode high quality porn videos for rehosting on pirate sites, sometimes in 4k.  Is that demanding enough for you? 
 which ones 
 cinemajuggs 
  Everyone, this. Computers are becoming ubiquitous. Learn how to use a real operating system while you still can, not an "app platform."  Holy fuck, this is /g/, the technology board. But everyone here is afraid of technology....and kids, starting up a video game, or browsing the web doesn't count. 
  You really shouldn't talk shit about something you can't do on a Linux machine. At least for a majority of cases. Your older games and few exceptions really don't count. 
   That's where you're wrong. This is /g/, the consumerism board. 
  What do you think, kid? Which outcome will fuck you the most? 
Windows is being developed by literal marketers now. Why the fuck would I "upgrade"? 
back in the day when bill gates ran the company it was awesome. they had steve ballmer hyping everyone..bill gates presence made all the employees cream themselves...  they were developing the operating system to be easy to use for the widest audience possible. thats what they were focused on, making it easy and simple but letting you own the computer, it was a personal machine and thats what they wanted to do.  now with the way the world is going, cloud based and spotify etc its the other way round, software companies hold everything and they own you. adobe is doing it, windows has done it. you dont own copies of stuff on your pc, you cant control when it updates etc and they dont give a crap about u anymore its business.  windows 7 was and is the last good OS that will ever be made by microsoft. look at the crap they pulled with the 360 and now theyre doing it again with w10. dont trust them anymore.  maybe linux will become better in the future or someone will find some way to hack windows 7 to be beast. lets hope someone keeps working on 7. 
 when people refused to upgrade the vista the main problems were that it was too different and it was missing a lot of drivers. that was the big pleb meme that soccer moms and office dads would tell each other and subsequently kept those people from wanting to upgrade, even when it wasn't that true anymore. those problems were incidental on microsoft's part and there wasn't a lot they could do about it.   10's only big pleb meme issue is that it's a spy box and microsoft isn't really being clear about what it does out of the box, or what they're doing with the data. "improving the experience" isn't a good enough excuse for most people. it's different from vista's shortcomings since this was totally microsoft's poor decision making at work and they're refusing to undo it. instead they're using guerilla marketing, showing upgrade prompts on every windows machine and going as far as pushing a windows 10 image onto computers of people who are on metered connections and don't even want to upgrade. 10 is fine other than that. a few big customization and interface issues aside, it's a good operating system, it's just being marketed by a bunch of reckless clowns who think upgrading is more necessary than inevitable.  they're successful trolls as well because i really can't stand the soulless attitude behind "oh, you don't want to upgrade now? we'll ask later then :^)" 
  xbox one i meant* 
 Don't forget dx11.1, which is widely used and not on Windows 7 
   Such as? 
      I love being smart enough to Google how to fix things. 
 Windows XP pretty much fully realized the Windows design ambitions.  Everything since then has been gimmicks. 
 Enjoy removing it over and over again in every Windows update, every single day from this point on. 
 Distros like Ubuntu or Mint aren't timesinks. They "just werk" 
  windows 7 is better than xp im sorry to say, windows xp was great for its time though. damn i remember when windows 7 first came out they were calling it windows over 9000 and everybody was loving it, back then /b/ had filters for numbers and other stuff. roodypoo etc... good times.  yeah windows 7 is the best...its just perfect to me...the only thing they could to to improve it is make it more modular so you can add/remove features and make changing the GUI easier. 
 Windows 7 has annoying file permission issues when you're integrating files across previous installations and users. 
 It's checked and auto removed in the background every time I boot up. 
 Muh applocale 
windows 98se users refusing to move to windows me" windows xp users refusing to move to windows vista" 
 HEY LOOK THE ENTIRE WORLD ISN'T ON WINDOWS 10 BETTER RUN ANOTHER STORY DAVETHIS COULD BE THE BIGGEST SCANDAL SINCE WINDOWS 8.1. 
 Yeah. I only really dual boot Windows just in case I need to fix a wifi problem that's only on my openSUSE partition. I rarely use it outside of that 
 Why would anyone use windows me when windows 2000 existed? 
 literally muh games 2000, being NT-based, didn't have as good support for older DOS games (which at that time, we're talking just a few years ago+) 
Windows 10 is dog shite 
 You fucking nigger. Pulse was never meant to be low latency audio system. Of you want low latency on Linux, user Jack. 
   '    '  ' ' '  Wait for a week or two and it will activate itself to be honest family"      it felt so good, I love 8.1, it's basically Win7 with a faster boot, a better Task Manager and native ISO virtual mounting  Win10 got nice animations I think  Never Ever 
Less people on Windows 10 == Less reasons for developers to use DirectX12 + More reasons for developers to use Vulkan.   Cross Platform Uprising when 
 i dont like change for change's sake. leave all the menus and shit the way it fucking was, leave the icons how they were, and let me fucking chose what i like. give me a skin for win 98, winxp, win 7, and this minimalist shit and I will choose what the fuck I want.   i dont like having to relearn where every god damn thing is located every time an os gets updated just because microsoft things they have to change everything up or people won't buy it.   this is one of the reasons the business segment does not upgrade for a decade. 
desu because its fucking garbage. i dont give a shit if its a little bit better than 7 in performance. I really don't care. I'll live with the loss in FPS over dealing with such a shitty inconsistent design and UI. Not to mention all the bloatware apps and other bullshit. Not to mention all the shit Microsoft promised and made Windows 10 seem like they were going to fix things and be much more involved. Too bad that was a joke and Edge is a joke like everything else. I'll keep to Windows 7 until Microsoft can get their shit together and provide an actual OS. 
 after the first major update it was good, kind of like how vista was after its second. 
      I think I'll stay on 8.1, thank you very much. 
 applocale is not working on win10? 
out of curiosity, are you able to block microsoft's access to your computer on a hardware firewall level? 
 Funnily enough this is true even among normies, a lady came in with her MacBook pro and asked me to install Office on it today and during our conversation she mentioned how she's heard how bad Windows 10 was yet she literally knew nothing about it. 
 1:34-1:39 is my ringtone 
   would you like to know more" links   but the kicker was         mfw 
 you can just download non botnet updates 
 vista was a resource hog, and a bad one at that, when it came out it would use all the fucking ram no matter how much ram you had, you had to disable so much shit to make it better than sticking with xp, add that to the drivers not being there.  vista largely offered nothing over xp other than dx10 which no one really used, and you aren't upgrading a pc for 1 fucking game.   a few system packs later and the os is now pretty damn good, but by this point windows 7 is around the corner/out and its base version is what visa should have been.   to add to this, the hardware cost that vista had is largely what win7 has too, however time advanced and pcs are more than capable of taking the hit now, they weren't with vista.  so when the upgrade had to happen, they moved to 7... i moved to 7 due to getting an ssd and from what i remember the os has better support for it than xp did, that and dx11 was getting used, i moved to it before the first dx11 only games started coming out.   basicly, vista was broken at launch with no drivers  win 7 wasnt broken at launch and had drivers.   win8 offered next to nothing over win7,  win10 offeres damn near nothing over win 7, and if vulcan takes off, never will 
Can you still get those legit Windows 7 ISOs somewhere? I'm scared about having to switch when my SSD kicks the bucket. 
W7 masterrace. 
 Left or right, /g/? 
  Something POSIX compliant for starters. Take your pick.  "Those who do not understand Unix are doomed to reinvent it, poorly." 
 left, but I'd be willing to downgrade 
 There's a mirror somewhere which saved all the mydigitallife ISOs and hosts them for free  I'd post the link but I'm on mobile so you'll have to wait until I'm home. Better get as many of them before it's taken down or runs out of hosting money 
 Hello dear paranoid, I am mostly freebsd and Linux user but recently I had to install Windows for one of my laptops since VM wasnt sufficient anymore. Of course I did some research first and found anti-beacon tool to disable telemetry, made by spybot search  destroy. I do have pfsense router setup and extremenetwork switch stack so I decided to monitor this little fucker for possible leaks with traffic package monitor. So good so far. 
 Does Vulcan even take advantage of Built in GPUs like DX12? 
 Fucking Bingo, this anon has hit the nail on the head.   I can just imagine the design department at Microsoft developing Win 8  10      I can't begin to imagine the amount of cringe some of the developers would be feeling desu, probably why the quality has been shit. 
  I think quiting windows cold turky is the only real way to make a clean switch.  I installed ubuntu as a dual-boot when longhorn was just released. Grub still couldn't detect it back then so windows didn't show up as a boot option.  This coupled with the fact that I didn't even know how to reinstall windows, let alone what a partition was, resulted in me formatting the who disk a couple of times and being stuck with ubuntu as a main system.  Looking back, I bet I would be a windows 10 user now if things hadn't went the way they did. 
        there is literally no reason to use it when you have 7 for muh start menu, and 8.1 is great 
 Feels meh beside if you think Windows 7 doesnt have backdoors and telemetry your deluded 
Monthly reminder that you can emulate windows for games with 99.6% performance.  
 ' If there's any. My work workstation (with win 8.1) don't have it and GOD AM I BORED FUCK 
The average user seeing a Windows 10 popup on their computer probably thinks it's a virus or some shit. 
 But I've heard that not only is it there. You can pay monthly/yearly for Solitaire PREMIUM I read somebody on /g/ say it was that way since W8 when somebody was throwing a shitfit about it on 10  It's that or you can play Solitaire with ads. 
 '     Seriously every time I boot there's some sort of message with a quote from some tech site wanking over Win10. I move the little Windows Icon off the taskbar but it just forces itself back 
  What else, everything is Comic Sans unless I pay for new fonts? Fuck this bullshit and fuck MS for trying to push it on me. 
 this is you. 
  
  Holy shit anon STOP YOU'RE FEEDING THEM IDEAS 
  
 Friendly reminder to get rid of the botnet in 7/8/8.1  1/2 KB3102812 - Allows background downloading of W10 KB3102810 KB2999226 - More Win10 compatibility bullshit, will allow you to run Windows store / desktop apps KB2505438 KB3046480 (KB2670838 – Windows 7 Only (corrupts AERO and blurry fonts on some websites)) KB2952664 – prepares system for upgrade to Windows 10 (sends a bunch of telemetry data to M$, reported to corrupt system files) KB2976978 – prepares system for upgrade to Windows 10 Windows 8 only KB2977759 – prepares system for upgrade to Windows 10, installs telemetry KB2990214 – prepares system for upgrade to Windows 10 KB3021917 – prepares system for upgrade to Windows 10 KB3022345 – installs diagnostic tracking service, reported to corrupt system files KB3035583 – pitches the free Windows 10 upgrade KB3044374 – prepares system for upgrade to Windows 10 KB3050265 – supposedly fixes an issue with windows update, but also changes system files to support upgrade to Windows 10 KB3050267 – prepares system for upgrade to Windows 10 KB3068708 – installs telemetry service, prepares system for upgrade to Windows 10 KB2922324 – (reportedly pulled, uninstall it anyway if already installed) KB3014460 – affects windows 8 only KB3015249 – adds more damn telemetry KB3065987 – makes “improvements” to the windows update client (really just more Win10 bullshit) KB3075249 – adds yet more telemetry, This update adds telemetry points to the User Account Control (UAC) feature to collect information on elevations that come from low integrity levels. 
 Nigga, why bother yourself with some small time crap, when you can LITERALLY ransom people for their entire shit they ever had on the computor with a paywall updates. ""upgrade""" to WINX for FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE  
  2/2 KB3075851 – makes “improvements” to the windows update client (really just more Win10 bullshit) KB3080149 – adds yet more telemetry, The diagnostics tracking service collects diagnostics about functional issues on Windows systems that participate in the Customer Experience Improvement Program (CEIP). CEIP reports do not contain contact information, such as your name, address, or telephone number. KB971033 - Description of the update For Windows Activation Technologies  cmd: sc stop Diagtrack sc delete Diagtrack  Task Scheduler Library: delete Everything under "Application Experience" Everything under "Autochk" Everything under "Customer Experience Improvement Program" Under "Disk Diagnostic" only the "Microsoft-Windows-DiskDiagnosticDa taCollector" Under "Maintenance" "WinSAT" "Media Center" and click the "status" column, then select all non-disabled entries and disable them.  services.msc: "Remote Registry" to "Disabled" instead of "Manual". 
     Is this what that shit is? Never really looked into or though about disabling it but it could be useful 
 I didnt switch from XP until 2015 
  ELITE 
  you are spelling windows 98 wrong 
 Nigga... do you even.....  Have you no understanding how data transfers work? The request header to ms-update could contain thousand pieces of information... 'so good so far' Man you hooked me good with that bait. 
 You mean Windows 98SE 
 Why not moving to 8.1 Pro 64 bit ? 
Can you justify using any version of windows 7 out of professional? 
  
    Want to know more? Here's a hyperlink of a lmgtfy with KB #" 
 there's that transition period with a dualboot setup tho. two weeks to a month maybe strictly linux will usually seal the deal. its like moving into a new house, youve got to setup and unpack or it doesnt feel like home. a lot of people dont get to that point and just go back to whats comfortable 
  No killer app that makes systems from Vista's heyday woefully obsolete.  Windows 7 is pretty much what Vista should have been at launch. If Microsoft took its time with it instead of trying to phase out XP ASAP. 
 I play this with the escalation mod. Best rts ever by far, fuck those starcraft kiddies 
 You should check out planetary annihilation. Basically the same game but introduces planets. Instead of a flat piece of planet, you are in an entire solar system of small planets. It's cool to me since you send a nuke and you can send a nuke from one planet to another and you can watch its orbital path, or watching it go around a planet. Artillery goes further on smaller planets as well. It's generally the total annihilation style but better. 
   Just wait for them to make the next version of office only compatible with windows 10, so you gotta upgrade. 
  are you seriously saying vista was rushed?  they started development before XP even came out, they spent way too long on it  young ARE you? 
  9/10 
 Why would they use the next version of office? Where I was working until this year, they're still on 2007. 
  
It's because enterprises have only *just* gotten rid of Windows XP, and standardized on Windows 7. XP support only ran out last year.  Windows 7 support ends in 2020, so meh, not in any hurry to upgrade.  Enterprise is where the big sales are at for Microsoft. 
Is it true that Windows 10 isn't offered to Windows 7 Enterprise editions, and you can update without the fear of GWX? 
How do you go about getting a windows7 iso these days?  I've been on 8.1 and while upgrading to 10 (Curiosity and constant nagging got the better of me during a weak moment), it completely fucked up my grub. So I'm using this as an opportunity to go back to 7. 
   Can you just  Can you just shut the fuck up already nah? 
 I've seen schools and government offices in my country use XP and office 2003 in this current day and age 
pirated windows 7 here what happens if i upgrade`? 
 The police show up at your day and put you in a cell with mcdindu 
  Your Windows copy becomes legit 
Old Thread:    #/g/wdg @ irc.rizon.net Web client: class="quote">Learning material class="quote">Frontend development class="quote">Backend development class="quote">Useful tools (embed) - Discover new open source libraries, modules and frameworks and keep track of ones you depend upon.   (embed) 
What are you guys working on? 
 first 
Why should I use MongoDB over SQL? 
I can't into MySQL. this scenario where creature 10 evolves to 11 and creature 11 evolves to 12, how would you search for all prior evolutions of creature 12 in one query?  Returning 11 is simple since it'd involve just searching 12 in 'evolves_to'. But returning 10 or both 10 and 11 would involve going through 12 to 11 to 10, which I'm not sure how to do with subqueries or joins. [spoiler]Sorry for the probably silly question.[/spoiler] 
  
BTW anons if you are interested in easier and more technologically futuristic programming language you should check out clojure. It has a lot of future in the comings years. Companies started adopting it. And it's going to be the next /g/ lang 
 you shouldn't 
  still working on report suggestions, bugs and features! I noticed that people distrust random links, so I have to say: this website does NOT use flash, NOR it does require javascript to use it. it only uses JS for the advanced features. these features make it much easier to use, though.   both, helping and advertising. the idea is to ask people for feedback, and, of course, attract users. I've noticed that people make threads advertising websites that are still in development, so why not?   hey, thanks! 
If anyone knows angular js i need some serious help for a project im working on. I'm trying to create a chart data visualization. Please IM me on gmail. My gmail is crizilla@gmail.com  Please anons 
 no, fuck off 
New client got fucked over by their previous dev. Looking into the source for a custom wp plugin and there's little sprinklings of SQL queries that delete everything. Guys if you're going to shit on a client just delete some stuff so the new dev doesn't have to wade through your garbage. Also if you write code like this I hope that you'll get hit by a car in the near future. 
 Are you getting paid by hour? 
   Uh.. yes 
    I'm so sorry you have to deal with this anon 
  oh god, honestly I don't consider myself a good developer, but this is just terrible, looks like an inexperienced intern wrote this. 
 Outsourced to Thailand. You have to deal with stuff like this from time to time. It's usually never this bad. I'm currently recreating a spreadsheet from this website that stores some content in a Drupal database and other content in a Wordpress database. They're both poorly organized but Drupal is a fucking nightmare. For example Drupal stores content types in `nodes` which have `node_ids`, the body of those `nodes` are stored in the `revision` table. For this particular site only a Recipe's tips are stored in the `revision` table. So now I have to search through this database for whatever table holds the actual recipe data.  The only upside of this kind of work is I can tell the client that they were fucked and charge for like 3 times the amount of actual work hours. 
 HAHAHA, not even I, a shitty south american wanna-be webdev would do this shit it's as if they didn't care about being responsible for their work... 
Cool  
Which db should I use for data with no clearly defined shape, but some properties are shared?   For example, I may have a car (with properties like color, age) and a shirt (color, male/female).  I'm planning on using elastic for text search, could it perhaps be used as the main store? 
  You're thinking about your database too much under a microscope. It is fine for a car to have a color and a shirt to have a color. They are two different things. 
 You didn't understand.  My problem is that I may have 100 types of items with different properties. How should I store those if I want them to be query-able?   Elastic seems to be what I need but I've never heard of someone using it as their primary storage. 
 Read and write inconsistency, a bloated binary JSON format, broken clustering model and strange looks from decent devs. 
 Is the data relational or more atomic? 
 Atomic. The only relational thing I can think of is each item having something like "owner". 
 Oh, and belonging to a category. 
  Try RethinkDB with secondary indexes. 
 Thanks, I'll have to read up on RethinkDB, the only thing I know about it is that it supports realtime data streaming.  Any thoughts on using elasticsearch solo (since I will need text search, might as well kill two flies with one stone)? 
 Never heard of using it as a data store, but know feeding realtime changefeeds into elasticsearch is a common pattern. 
 Because you want to lose data?   
I started learning Python and was able to do a little bit, make super simple text adventures and stuff. I fell for the javascript meme and it caused me to lose all interest and I've actually gotten worse over the past month. Fuck you all im just gonna make dumbfuck useless shit forever now 
Holy shit, nginx blows apache out of the fucking water. Can't wait to replace apache on my main server. 
  In what ways? 
 All ways. Configuration for one, apache is just a disgusting mess of XML. 
 I keep reading your name everywhere, and I tend to agree with most of your posts, which make me curious. I'm guessing you're developing something, would you mind explaining what? 
  Didn't notice. Sorry, I put it on once last week and somehow it keeps popping back. Hopefully it will be gone after closing all 4chan tabs. Slowly learning Go and rewriting a realtime Node imageboard in it. Switching the data store from Redis (yes, I know) to RethinkDB and from mixed server/client rendering to static server-side page templates + dynamic client-side rendering. 
 Javascript is not a meme. It powers the web. Unless you're an autist that has a completely static web site, you should keep learning Javascript. 
 ES5 is painful to write. ES6 is big improvement, but I would not consider writing async code in it till ES7. 
 most websites should not REQUIRE JS to work. 
 JavaScript isn't a meme in itself, but the way node developers push a new fucking JS library every month is pretty disgusting.   I want to agree with you, but I think we lost that war a long ago. Now I'm just hoping that Web Assembly goes somewhere good. 
 see  . you don't need JS to use my website. in fact, for some forum software, JS only makes things worse. example: vbulletin 5 
So, yeah, I want to learn php/mysql and javascript so I can change my shit job, since I've been told it isn't that hard to get a decent one here in Argentina. Is there any way to start learning via mobile phone (android)? I spent too much time at my shit job (with no internet access) and wanted to be somewhat productive at least.  Thanks in advance 
 Download some books at home and read them at work? 
  dale guachin media pila  i landed a job after about 8 months of learning from literal scratch (i didn't even know basic html). i dont make a lot but i work in a fun office doing simple frontend tasks with some eventual backend fixes  the most important part is motivation. if you have some monies, go to educacion it (i believe the 10month program is about 10000 peronpesos), you won't learn a lot but it'll serve you as guidance and motivation 
 But, mi amigo, I pay for rent, that's a lot of money for me. I'll be reading manuals at work and practicing shit at home, hopefully I'll be able to leave this 'customer service' shithole soon 
I'm using C# asp.net with MVC framework and on the default template I used the Owin.Security.Providers to add external login with Steam. It works perfectly on localhost (while debugging), but it fails randomly when trying to login when I publish it to IIS on the same machine. It fails on the ExternalLoginCallback, the function that gets called after Steam finishes with authentication.  <pre class="prettyprint">var loginInfo = await AuthenticationManager.GetExternalLo ginInfoAsync() // this sometimes returns null randomly </pre>  In my Startup.Auth.cs, I just added this, everything else is default mvc template code (vs 2013). <pre class="prettyprint">app.UseSteamAuthentication(steamkey ) </pre> 
  che loco, como andas? 
 todo piola vos? 
 igual, piola. aca perdiendo el tiempo, como todos los dias. 
I built an E-commerce website from scratch (hand coded, no framework used - huge mistake that I only realized afterwards) for my final year CS college project. It's meant to be used by college students to buy/trade textbooks and other college related resources. It was written in PHP/MySQL. For sure it's miles better than the other ones like it that I've come across on there. The fact that I didn't use a framework to build it means maintaining it is a bitch, though. And there are a few security kinks that need to be sorted out over time.  I'm thinking about putting it on Github and making it free for anyone to use, do you guys think that's a good idea? On one hand I want to put it out there so I can add it to my portfolio as a reference point for something significant I've created, but on the other hand I fear that someone will take all the credit for my work. Has anyone here added anything to GitHub and how do you feel about this? 
 
 I haven't heard of anyone using GitHub to steal credit, so you shouldn't really worry about that.  I've got a bunch of stuff up there. Good backup for code. 
  Alright. I'll put it up later this week once I have time to remove the personal details and share it with /wdg/ 
 Double-check to make sure you aren't uploading any credentials. Blackhats scan all uploads and if you've included something like AWS keys, people will find it and spin up a bunch of Bitcoin miners on your credit card. 
 Reminder that in web dev and web dev alone, people believing "it's working" is the full extent of their responsibilities.  That's selfish, and this poor man is realising that.   Being a good programmer means enjoying a challenge and even enjoying bugs: they're another challenge. The mediocre programmers only cares about the feeling of "it's finally finished".  I'm depressed as fuck: my website is done. I just need to upload to nuget, update my Github and that's it. I hate being finished.    How do you do ajax requests? Or do you retrieve data the user may not need?  JavaScript is essential. Beyond breaking data/presentation separation (core in all MVC, MVVM, MV* ideas), you need it in between your backend and HTML/CSS. The alternative is something like mixing php and html or asp and html, imo that should really be avoided.    Yeah... Maybe not the best idea to put your school work on your Github. I reserve my Github for things I'd feasibly expect people to want to use and want to modify, both are really key.   My web framework seems to be one of the fastest around for C#,  that being said people who use it might want to change the headers or encoding, which is perfectly okay so long as they're not profiteering from my work, which I haven't even managed yet. They may want to take away features and make it even faster, if you lock it to json and either 200/404 codes and remove all processing after hitting user developers pages, you can get it to consistently respond in 300 microseconds.  The thing is, no one is going to want to use someone's school assignment for their ecommerce website (no offence), and in 5 years time you may really not want to show your immature work to your prospective employers, which is assuming hr look at code, but whatever. 
  So PHP has fake SQL escapes too? 
 Oh I just realized, this cunt didn't know how to use a for loop.  These people really exist in web dev huh? Glad to know the types that deserve jobs instead of me. 
Any node fags use nvm programmatically? Is there a package for that? I found one on npm, but it hasn't been updated in 2 years, and the repo behind it is dead. I'm fine with writing my own, but not if I'd be reinventing the wheel. 
 '  You're right, because Open Classifieds (not exactly tailored to college students like mine) is open source and available on GitHub so they would have no reason to use mine. But I'm thinking more along the lines of other college students who may want to do something similar. I'm not even looking to make money off it, because as mentioned before there are other vaguely similar e-commerce open source solutions available. I'll put it up anyways. Maybe it'll become something worthwhile someday with other people contributing to it. 
 Helping other students is Admirable, but do you think they'll get more benefit out of copying your work or going through the same process you did? School work man, you might not want to enable cheaters. 
 What are you trying to do? 
 At work, we have many different node processes running on one box doing different automated tasks. It's managed by a server of sorts that lets us keep track of errors and logging. It's on fucking 0.10.x...  I'd like to throw nvm in the mix and have the node version as a config property of these tasks, but I need a way to make sure the version being asked for is availableat deploy time. Setting the interpreter for the tasks is already built in, so really this would just be for validation.  I could see managing installed versions of node in the future too.  I just want to use nvm inside node like I can use npm inside node. 
   do you even HTML, bro? you could have read the source code... you know, it's HTML5 + JS, and it's not even obfuscated 
 welcome to php 
 That's not necessarily PHP, just some guy who can't do control statements as simple as for. Quality control must be low in web dev, I bet whoever hired that person either felt so good about themselves for giving "opportunities" to developing worlds, or they felt so good about hiring on gender or racial grounds instead of by skill.   Still need JavaScript to do anything with forms, again, unless you're using PHP/ASP and fucking MV* up. 
  Those functions were deprecated 2 full iterations ago of PHP. Besides, if you're interacting with a database using PHP, using any method other than PDO should get you fired on the spot. 
 
 I feel bad for you man 
New personal site. Thoughts?  LowLevel.us 
  Going to be difficult to maintain as you add more content 
 What do you mean? The javascript automatically resizes the body based on how many divs there are. As a personal site I also can't imagine there being too much stuff I could put in there 
 up the font size a bit besides that im digging it. a little bare but i assume you are going to add more to it over the years. how did you make it? 
 Cute. You seem pretty chill but  really niqqa? 
clueless fuck here, I just finished learning python. what do next? 
 Font only scales in increments of 16. I used vim? Not sure what you mean by "how did you make it"   What word would you prefer. I honestly never talk about it irl so it sounded weird when I typed it also... 
 Come up with a project and do it 
 i mean like does github have like a website thing that hosts your own sites? 
 Yes.  
  
 wow thats cool. i dont really know much about github so i guess i should learn more about it 
Can any macfags let me know if it's worth learning Safari's dev tools? Is there anything appealing you find in them?   I'm still using good old Firefox. 
sine waves in vanilla CSS how? 
 just try it and see if you like it chrome dev tools are really popular though 
 Is throwing an error and exiting on wrong version good enough? 
 Eh it only took 3.5 hours to fix. Charged the client for 6.5 and called it a day. 
 Literally nothing beats Chrome's dev tools. Firefox fags will talk up Firebug but that's a dated POS nowadays. 
  
can someone tell me what i did wrong here? im getting a null reference exception on the first one so i assume it would happen to all of them too <pre class="prettyprint"> //reservation.ArrivalDate = Convert.ToDateTime(txtArrivalDate.T ext)         reservation.DepartureDate = reservation.ArrivalDate.AddDays(Con vert.ToInt32(txtNights.Text))         reservation.ArrivalDate = Convert.ToDateTime(txtArrivalDate.T ext)         reservation.NoOfAdults = Convert.ToInt32(ddlAdults.SelectedV alue)         reservation.NoOfChildren = Convert.ToInt32(ddlChildren.Selecte dValue) </pre> the reservation class has the proper getter and setters and the txtNights and other things all exist 
  what the FUCK did I just read? do you faggots really don't know the most basic things about HTML?!?! holy fucking shit, no wonder programmers say webdev is cancer... 
  educate you'reself fucking cancer   
I've been programming in JavaScript so much lately that I started throwing lambdas into my code here and there  auto, stl and lambdas make C++ a lot more tolerable 
 probably because your "reservation" is null? 
 That is beautiful and I love how there's code examples right on the front page.  How would you compare and contrast that library to zurb's foundation?   Both let you highly stylize forms 
 * or your strings 
  That's an awful lot of 'auto' without any clear indication of WTF they're supposed to be. 
 all i have for reservation is  private Reservation reservation is there supposed to be something after that? i thought all the strings get filled by calling the class and the strings from the current page fill it? 
 I don't know what language you're using but usually classes are null by default until you create a new instance 
 im using c#, building some methods to send data to a database and to other pages this method is part of a submit button that sends the data to another page. the method and button that sends the data to a database works fine. so would i have to do something like 'new reservation = ______' ? i have <pre class="prettyprint">reservation = (Reservation)Session["Reservation"]  </pre> in the page load right now. sorry if this seems dumb ive never used c# before only java 
  u wot m8 you just write html+css and give it some parameters to style it, the fuck you need a library for 
 Yes, you can either write "reservation = new Reservation()" (assuming the constructor doesn't need any parameters) Or you can assign it to an already existing instance of your class  I don't know what "(Reservation)Session["Reservation" ]" is but if it's something like a Dictionary then it can return null as well 
 i think it does need parameters, the arrival date, departure date and a lot of other things are all things to get and set in the class, do i have to write them all out in the parameter like in a java method or is there another way? 
 It doesn't make much sense for Reservation constructor to require parameters if you set all of those variables afterwards "new Reservation()" should work  But in C# you can also write: <pre class="prettyprint">reservation = new Reservation() { DepartureDate = " ", ArrivalDate = " ", NoOfAdults = " ", NoOfChildren = " " } </pre> 
 damn that worked! thanks so much. i was really stressed about this last week and now it looks like ill be ok thank you anon 
I clicked on this ad on /g/, do you think this is a legit course?  want to get into IoT shit and while i know a lot of the "things" side of it, i dont really know about the "internet" side of the thing. 
where do I find good projects that accept commits or contributors that I can throw on my resume? 
 Yep, for now definitely. 
 lol, I wrote this. you are just mad you don't have crazy hacking skills like me.  if you want I can help you.. 
   Is this shit for real? Is that just your editor being weird? What the actual fuck. 
 You would actually admit to that? Holy fuck dude, how did you not learn what  a for loop is? 
 Oh,  sorry.  Misread your post. Nvm is just a bash script.  Query it with child_process.exec() .  And use process.version to check the running process from inside. 
 That's exactly my plan, I just wanted to make sure there wasn't something like that already available.  Thanks, anon 
 If so, why aren't you using $wpdb to escape/run the queries? mysql_* functions will not work anymore, starting from PHP 7. 
 nothing wrong with being a pro hacker dude   who gives a if it breaks. I didn't get paid to make LTS code. If the guy wants me to fix it, he should hire me again :) 
Hey guys, do you know any good C# book for someone who just started? 
  
    Thanks anon! 
 I surprised that someone like you will probably get a job easier than I can (since your eduction), while I'm better at programming than you will ever be. 
 Also, stop racemixing. 
does anyone know of a good alternative to google maps that will allow me to mark / label certain locations based on user input throuh my web app? 
 Why do you want an alternative? 
 Leaftlet.js? 
 openlayers 
  both nice, thanks 
 '' 
 '' 
Let's talk Topre edition.  OP image is quite self explanatory.  Buyer's Guide: to Buy: Guide: Switches are subjective. Try a switch tester. Ignore all "switch guides". 
 speaking of Topre, has anyone tried out a novatouch. 
  
 using one right now. 10/10. awesome pricepoint and great topre feel. just make sure to buy new keycaps for it as the ones that are included are meh. 
  I own one. I like it. I still havent got around to lubing and silencing it yet. To me the size and keycap options are preferable over the RF even though the RF feels slightly more high quality. 
Just ordered a custom tenkeyless from wasf. Anyone have any idea how long it takes for the order to process/ship? 
 if i buy a varmilo off mas drop will it have costar? 
 Very nice before silencing and adding thick caps, and excellent after.   Is having your pretty pictures really preferential to something of actual quality? 
CODE a high tier keyboard? I'm thinking about buying it.  Currently using Steelseries 6gv2 with default keycaps and switches. 
  It's acceptable. 
 What's high tier then 
 A Korean custom. 
 They alright doe 
Getting a white Ducky Shine 4 with MX Clears for xmas. Really fuckin looking forward to it with my white desk and white logitech g600 
 Where are you ordering it 
 White boards look sexy af. But I can't even keep a white shirt clean so I steer away from them. 
   Гждe зaкaзывaл клaвиaтypy/кeйкaпы?   Cpaвнивaл Clear / Topre? Кaкиe лyчшe для пeчaти/игp? 
 
   
  Looks like meme garbage. 
 Mechanicalkeyboards.com  I live in Canada though so I got charged a fuck load for shipping then got raped by customs clearance and currency exchange. It was supposed to be 160$ USD but ended up being like 210$ USD or about 280$ CAD 
    I'm quite satisfied. Slightly tempted to find a blank red escape key. 
PSA: mechanicals are shit. There's no proper feedback until you bottom out on Topre keyboards when typing fast. I've returned 2 Topres after incredibly underwhelming experience. 
  
  Fuck I was supposed to say Cherry. Now I came of as a noob on an anonymous mongolian ice hockey board 
 way to fuck up. 
 '  There are a lot of different switches out there. 
 It's regularly recommended. There's a drop on massdrop right now, so you better check that out. 
 I don't quite understand how massdrop works. 
 What's not to get? 
 Posting a qt grill won't make you less retarded, anon. 
 people will pay 200 usd for a keycap  wtf 
 Is the concept too foreign for your simple mind? How difficult is it to understand how groupbuys work?    ' 
  Well I could order from any other official web store without any problem but I never heard about massdrop until the last week. I don't know what's the purpose of that site and why should I join it. 
 You join it if there is a product you want to buy.  Just like if there's something you want to buy from Amazon, you make an account there. 
  Ok thanks. 
 feels smooth as fuck to type on and sounds like a fuckin topre almost 
 H O T O T 
 where did you get those keys? 
 To save money. You're basically trading time for money. 
I play games where I end up spamming buttons very quickly, and end up bottoming out the board nearly all the time. I need quick responsiveness too. What kind of switches do you think I ought to go for? Preferably something with shorter key travel. 
 reds with .4mm o-rings 
 barely save money sometimes it is even more 
 Scissor switches. 
 i assume the o-rings are to help with the bottoming out?   It seems there's very little in the way of consumer reviews / recommendations for scissor switch keyboards. Seems most people consider them inferior. I check the logicalincrements website, but they only recommended one keyboard. 
 yeah they make it softer and the thicker orings make the travel distance shorter 
 Felt like a Cherry switch to me for some reason when I tried it out. I have a Realforce. 
 Just ordered my novatouch.  Pbt next year probably. 
 It's ok anon you made me feel like shit since I just ordered a topre but then this so now it's gud 
friendly reminder that novatouch is a poor man's realforce and feels nothing like the real thing 
 ' So it's a slightly less expensive rubber dome keyboard? 
  why even post 
  Why even work? 
 so i can contribute to society and afford the better products out there. when you get a job you'll come to understand that you don't have to settle for less. 
 white hides spunk better 
  Why the fuck is the Sidwinder X4 still on there? It's out of production and $180 on Amazon, $270  Newegg.  Anyway I've been thinking of the Cougar 200k, maybe check that out. 
Don't have any info on those switches, but I just dipped my board... Opinions? 
will it ever be back in stock /g/? 
 what did you dip it it, diarrhea? 
All I need is a cheapish mechanical numpad that actually has numpad input and is blue/white/green switches. does such a thing exist? 
Will I ever need to buy another keyboard again now that I've discovered Cherry MX Clear? 
  friendly remonder that realforce make the ugliest keyboards out there 
    wot 
do any mechanical keyboards weigh around 500g? to be comfy on my lap 
 What, because you've found a switch you like you assume there are no others?    Subhuman. 
 No.   Adesso AKP-220B has blue switches and numpad scancodes.  I will say no more. 
   
 Nope. 
anyone here who owns a q-pad or lioncast (k20)? I just want a reliable mechanical keyboard for 100€ in germany. pls gib 
 If you're really happy with it, then no. At most, you can get another keyboard for work. Just call it a day and don't fall for the multiple keyboard meme. 
 Whats the point of having a programmable Mech keyboard 
 custom tasks. Like how some keyboards had an email or internet button. You can program a key or a combination of keys to do a certain task. 
Is CM Quick Fire TK Stealth (with Browns) any good? It's on sale for 70€ here in Finland, so I was wondering if it's worth that price. 
Just got one of these Stupidly I thought the bottom middle was clear (but it's black, why the fuck is black included in test packs? oh well)  Since I wanted to try out if I wanted Green, Clear or NovaTouch next.  When it arrives, can you get the feel of a Clear some how? Like a black but with a bump? 
 I have a CM Storm QuickFire Rapid-i with browns which presumably is pretty similar.  I really like it, it's my main board 
 put the black spring in the brown switch 
 The brown slider is not the same as a clear. 
 Custom layouts, like making your caps lock something useful. 
 black spring in green and ignore the click? 
 That would be even more different. 
Thoughts on the HHKB Pro 2?  I really like the looks and compactness of it, but I use the function keys a fair amount (not a crazy lot, but a decently fair amount) and I'm worried about having to use two fingers to access the function keys all the time.  The other option is getting a realforce or a novatouch, but I don't like the TKL look as much as I like the look of the HHKB. 
Why not Novatouch? 
 I have a ducky shine mini I have a hard time without the arrowkeys etc pretty often so i started maining TKLs 
 How does the Shine Mini handle arrow keys?  I barely ever use the arrow keys on my Ducky Shine 4. I don't think I'd have a lot of trouble with pressing the FN key with my pinky on the right side while using the arrow keys with the rest of my hand. 
/g/ why is it so difficult to find an azerty mechanical keyboard ?   
 Fn+OKLÖ in my case 
 Given the location of the function key, I can see that being a bit of a pain.  HHKB has the Fn key to the right of the shift key. 
 Th left Windows key can be made to a Fn-key as well (I have them both) 
 And even the caps lock 
 full mechs are not deliverying best typing experience possible,thats why we have godtier topre 
Thinking about a mech for an Xmas present for my dad.  Looking at full size keyboards under $150.    I thought about the Topre Heaven, but reviews leave me worried about build quality (and the ABS keys).  This is disappointing, as I was hoping it would be similar to my Realforce.  Are there other options?  He's obviously old school, hence full size.  Also hits the keys heavily, so it's either a high weight Topre or maybe MX blacks or possibly MX clears. 
 Get him a buckling spring keyboard. 
 Unicomp is a possibility but I'm not sure if he already has a Model M.  If he does have one, he would have needed to modify it to use a PS2 port right?  Damn I don't know.  Maybe I'll just get a Dremel. 
 Your dad dosent need a mech.Spend the money on something else,like something he can have fun with.Not a fucking keyboard.If he wanted one it would 1.get one 2. ask your opinion 
 ' My father gifts me hardware every so often and I can tell you that hardware makes for a great gift to anyone who likes to DIY or just tinker with shit.  I use my dremel to cut almost anything that needs cutting and that's small enough. Fuck saws, this is the 21st century and if I want to shorten the legs of a wooden chair I'll do it with a blade that rotates 30'000 times per minute. 
i wish there where more full sized keyboards with tropre or alps switches  i just prefer the feedback of high - low - high resistance 
sixth LED died in six months on my Ducky keyboard  what a fucking piece of shit  yes, I am angry as fuck  I will sell it ASAP  what should I buy? Filco looks great 
 Nobody needs a mech, it's a luxury.  Its a good gift for someone who would appreciate it but wouldn't normally splurge on that kind of luxury.  Plus he's been into computers since the 80's and programming on a hobbyist level, so he isn't your average old dude struggling with an iPad. 
 Mind sharing the exact name and model number? 
 logitech g710 +mx blues Entry level 
 shine 3 
 Ah yeah, the Shine 3 is known for having LED issues. I'm sorry for your loss. 
use the red f-keys on the black board y/n? 
 Why don't you just turn the neon off? 
Just got my keyboard in the mail. Black ducky legend with blues. This fucker is heavy. Afraid to put it on my glass desk. 
 where did you get the black case from? i searched for months and could only find the white case + blue led Also yes its heavy as fuck,but i love it 
 what about swapping the modifiers. One red/white the other white/red 
 Post pictures please.  I like to look at sexy keyboards. 
 The problem with separate color for modifiers is that it doesn't look nearly as good on Nordic as on US keyboards  Why in the first place there are separate layouts for US and Europe is beyond me 
 idk why UK uses them but for Cyrillic ect you gain a couple more alphabet keys. 
 We invented QWERTY and Dvorak So eurofags had to invent their own. 
 b-but we use qwerty   but you only gain 1 key (left shift) around the enter key they're just moved around but there's still only 3 keys in the same space 
 I really want a keyset like that   
 get an ansi kb, it's not too different that you cant use ISO again infact you can just alt+shift to toggle english on most computers by default and type like normal 
   
  I got it from ncix. It was on sale too. I'll post pics in a bit. 
 I wouldn't mind a ansi-layout. The only problem would be keycaps  My '*-button is a normal 1x1, but on ANSI it's the \|-button which is 1.25x1 or 1.5x1 
 just get a new keyset 
 I just mean that button would probably have to be specially made right. Sounds like a lot of hassle  And I really fancy the Pok3r backlit which seems to only exist in the US and ANSI version right now 
 Vortex has a white doubleshot pbt. 
 blinding white with blue is kinda ricey  want a nice bey/grey/beige pbt dye sub set but aren't too many 
got this beautiful Focus FK-2001 for 12€ (+10 for shiping) now i just need a nice white mouse to make it all fit nicely 
 The one on amazon now isnt the one i was talking it about. Its white caps with black text. 
 i want something grey, beige, or black tho  white hurts my eyes 
 just replace the led you kek 
   
 lul post you referenced was white  
  I think they meant "rubber dome" 
 no  its clearly beige and grey 
if buckling springs are so good then why aren't they made anymore 
 Okay pumpkin (source:Wikipedia) 
 cream den  they arent white  not bright white and the modifiers are clearly grey  i dont have led meme keyboard anyway so why would i want transludent legends, i want dye sub 
 they still are, holds the patent of the originals. 
 A CM rep came out and said that such "information" is meant specifically for people who don't know shit, because they don't want the association with shitty rubber dome + membrane boards.  If you know enough to call that bullshit, then such a diagram is not meant for you. 
 IMO 1.1/ WMO 3.0 
does /mkg/ approve? 
 10/10 retard proof keyboard, would type on. 
  nice trick with nails, dude there are no girls on the internet 
 have you seen what passes as words on other boards. Pretty sure it wouldn't stop them. 
 I think it will stop boomers from using it 
 Every little effort to stop retards counts anon, the first step is to make your own machine retard proof. 
 looks like marshmallows 
 I'm going to end up paying more for this novatouch(my penis haha) because massdrop had it for 200 and my nova was 180 and still needs caps.  The advantage was getting the board two months early. 
 Buttons to raise/lower volume.  Windows is retard for not having this hardwired to some f keys. 
 This is a sort of related question, but do you guys have any recommendations for mouse+keyboard mats? I've got a Poker 2 and would like a mat that I can use for both that and a mouse. 
 That just proves topre is a meme :^) 
 A GIRL? On my /g/?    Hey there :) 
 I use something like this one  
 Get him an esspresso machine there is no way he doesn't like good coffee, and a nice one is probably only a few thousand more. 
 numpads are redundant but anything less than tkl is retarded 
 Tell me when you have to do your taxes 
 I'm not so inept that I'm hindered by not having my number keys in a rectangle shape. 
 Having 3 keys per finger in a way more ergonomic fashion.Having all modifiers available without further having to use modifiers to make modifiers.  tell me 1000 numbers in that your home row is more effective then numpad protip:you cant. 
 it's more ergonomic to use the number row. Unless you work at a gas station or sit in a tiny cubical for a bank they are useless. 
 So 2 keys needed for one symbol? REDUNDANT type in 1000 number with home row.Then numpad gg 
 where do I get these keys? 
 Got this NIB model M for A dollar 99 cents to try it out at my local surplus joint.  This is what I thought of it 
  
 Ooh. I got dubs. Tune in next week and I might just throw a Northgate OmniKey into a 100 kip press to see if THAT has enough actuation force for it. 
  
 
 get off 4chan gramps 
  lol jealous mechfags are cute 
  Anyone who likes Model M likes model M because hipster trash tell them to like model M. If I want to be serenaded by the sound of springs weeble wobbling about while destroying my wrists at the same time I'll just go to the auto garage and get something useful done.  I hate the IBM model M and desire wholeheartedly to cleanse the earth of them when I chance past. 
  
 I also used this Fuckkus FK 9000 for a while and it was nice but became spare parts after the arrow keys started costing muh winz in tf2 because it unreliable POS also.  I lost the plastic half that goes on top. 
 Whats Model M? 
   Fuck off you 12 year old 9gagger. 
 post these to /r/MechanicalKeyboards/ asking why the hammer trick didn't fix them. I want to see them have a panic attack. 
 some trash keyboard shit IBM made in 1980s that certain type hipster adore.    Awwwwwww is that the best you got? Too bad you don't know where I'm getting all of these shitboards you wanna own because you like to suck cock and think tooting your horn about how many shitboards you own equates to being important. It only does in your circlejerk cocksuck hipster deskthority fucktard forums.   Go buy a nice keyboard. You know, with MONEY    Good idea! 
 I have a Realforce though. Doesn't change the fact that lurking /b/ in 2015 is for edgy 13 year olds who came from 9gag. 
 Call MA a thirteen year old again I dare you and I will take a Northgate omni key and smash it and give before and after pictures 
 Why do you keep going on and on about taxes? 
 Go ahead, 13 year old. 
 Cause in a real world,you will use the numpad a fucking lot.And being an aspie who thinks tkl is anything more then ricer shit to make you spend the same amout of money for a fullboard,is hilarious. 
 In the "real world" you do your taxes every day?  How is a more compact board "ricer"? 
 I've never been unable to my taxes on a tkl. It's not a speedrun and it's not like I have to do taxes everyday. Where as tkl lets me keep my keyboard centered with my monitor and will not push the mouse off to the right. 
 Ignore him he's just trying to force his ideals on everyone else. I track all of my purchases and do my taxes without a numpad. If I ever, for whatever reason needed one, it's only a DIP switch away. 
 Right so you dont do any sort of math at all? ever? in any day?   If you dont have more then 4 ft on your desktop, i think the issue is somewhere else bud. 
 If only they made a small keyboard object with just the 10key.  wew 
  Whoa there bro, you completely ignored my questions.  Take a step back and try again.   I'd love to see a four foot keyboard tray. 
  Never said I wouldn't have room for a numpad, it's nice to not have the mouse further away than it has to be, keeps the shoulder closer. 
 Here's the before picture. Roll dubs before 9:40 or the little keyboard gets it. Either that or say "I was wrong, I'm a faggot, I'm sorry." 
  This isn't /b/, fuck off you retarded newfag/child. 
 Why the fuck would he care what you do with what I presume to be your property? 
 I've been on this site since 07.  I just think you are all a bunch of fags.  Now roll or its the press. 
 Nobody cares, fuck off you retarded newfag/child. 
 ' So you buy a desk so you can not use it and you bitch about space? Thats the problem pumpkin. 
 You know that putting a keyboard tray up on the top of your desk is bad ergonomics, right?  And you're still dodging the questions I asked.  Seems like you don't have all the answers after all! 
 Even if you had a 10ft desk it would be irrelevant since the purpose of a tkl is so you can have the alphabet portion of the keyboard center to the screen and not push the mouse off to the side in the process, something you can't do with a fixed numpad. 
  I already told you why its ricer.You neglected to read.Must be related to your ricer board causing dementia 
 My keyboard is right in the middle of my left monitor and my mouse is right next to it. Unless you're a midget or a manlet there is literally no problem 
 Because omni key ultras are rare I've sent computers to hell that hipsters would dream to own, but it ain't my job to make sales to unreliable faggots because some shit is rare and others aint. Big boys with big boy money either come in and buy what we have or it goes to scrap.   I see tons of this garbage everybday. Mac SE? Garbage. Altair in a beat up server rack? Garbage. 
 But you have to extend your arm further than you would with tkl. I'm not saying it's hard to do, but after long periods it can get uncomfortable, especially with a big weighted mouse. For many people not having a numpad is a fair trade for this. 
  I don't remember talking about a case.  Are you okay?    ricer"?  No you didn't.   Okay.  Cool. 
 Okay. Cool. 
 are you cleaning out some company storage room? You would get more of a response from the reddit people. After I saw someone take a hex receiver mosin to a bandsaw on /k/ I became impassive. 
 You're like those people that buy devices on release day just to break them in front of the people waiting in line. It only costs you money and makes you look like an idiot. 
 It literally isnt.Unless you're a manlet. Im not overextending anything to get my mouse it sits perfectly next to me.   Implied.Dont be an aspie and follow the discussion.    Right so you dont do any sort of math at all? ever? in any day?  Right so you dont do any sort of math at all? ever? in any day?  Right so you dont do any sort of math at all? ever? in any day?  Right so you dont do any sort of math at all? ever? in any day?  no numpad=ricer 
  A case and a tray are not remotely the same thing.   You didn't give a reason, you just asked a question about the amount of math I perform in a day.  Do you know what ricer even means?  I feel like I need to crack out the dictionary for you. 
   I can do math in my head, do you have Aspergers or something? 
 I don't do math on my PC everyday, do you? 
 I work for a company that sells surplus. I go to lots of surplus stores as well. We sell about 100thousand dollars of shit a day.  I don't give two fuck about hipsters and would rather they stay out. You don't like price of shit? Fuck you that is the price. It goes down by half twice in time and then get throw away 
 You work for $12.50 an hour.You get between 30 hours and 45 hours a week,with 5 hours of overtime.Project how much you make per month,and how much you will make per year.Include state and federal income tax.Plus your tax deductions for this fiscal year. In your head plz. You should atleast have your monthly finances estimated.  I keep my bank account updated and my records updated for taxes? I type out math for mathlab and autocad 
 I worked for a place that did pc recycling. I have no idea how many model m's I demolished at my time there. In my defense I had no idea there was a niche for them. 
  most people don't do these things everyday and so it doesn't warrant them having a numpad 
 You must pay an accountant $200 a year to do them for you dont you? Money math is daily. 
 nigga turbotax is like $30 
 I keep records but not every single day. I keep my receipts and do them in bulk at some point in the month. When I do keep them I find the number keys to be perfectly suitable for the job without the numpad. 
  I'm salaried. 
 Only if you know what you're doing. Since you dont bother balancing your checking+ accounts.Must be a horrible mess when you wait to the last day to do them and file late.  Point stands,you use math every day.And if you use only home row.You're a fucking retard. 
 Jokes on you because I work under the table.    use autocad everyday without a numberpad zero problems    records updated for taxes?  what is a checkbook and a pen   see above 
 LOL your csv export from your online banking dosent magically go in to a spreadsheet and have all the math done to make it actual data. LOL not keeping hard copies in case your banking account isnt available  online(internet outage,bank online mantances//ddos) This must be ricer mentality 
 did you forget to read the part where it said    
 Jokes on you wageslave I have a TKL and a separate numpad on my left that I can position anywhere on my desk for maximum ergonomics :^) 
Who would like to hear a story about Das Keyboards? I'm fucking pissed and want to vent, but if everyone here has common sense, they already know it's a shit company. So??? 
 I have a code with clears, it's dank 
 holy fuck clean that shit dawg, that is seriously disgusting. you can see all the grime and shit in there jesus 
I bought a 8 month old Realforce 87U variable for $137. How hard did I fuck up? 
Where can I get replacement keycaps for a filco majestouch that won't get a greasy/oily sheen to them? it drives me insane 
  I have a HHKB, and it was the best purchase I ever made.  It sits exclusively at my work desk, as it takes up hardly any space and all of the key combos just make sense...for office work.  Unfortunately gaming is an entirely different story due to the lack of dedicated function and arrow keys so I'm currently either looking at a CM QFR TK or a Royal Kludge RC930-87. I want it to be backlit, so the Novatouch and Realforce are out unfortunately. 
 am i looking for PBT keycaps? anyone? 
  Either PBT or POM. PBT is more prevalent. Try the Vortex sets as they're doubleshot PBT+POM. 
 thanks brrrrrrro 
    What are you doing in a mechanical keyboard thread if you type like a twelve year old?  The risk of any of those things happening is pretty remote, and even then you will be down for less than a day.  I would rather be online and/or soft-copy only if it meant I didn't have to store a million and one hard copies.    Not that hard, although variable is a pain in the aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaass.  You could always move around the cup rubber so the main keys are 45g. 
 So just got a 60% keyboard case to swap out the one of the pok3r. I kinda just fully realized there's a bit of a gap between the plate and case on the left side. Can anyone confirm this? It won't screw in or sit properly if I put the PCB in as I would like it.  Kinda disappointed to be honest family. Next time I'll probably just build my own with a teensy and handwire to avoid Vortex's bullshit. 
 Didn't mean to quote :^) 
    buhhhhhhh. might just order that miami set. looks nice. im legitimately from the 80s. 
what's the most durable keyboard out there that can be had for fairly cheap? 
  
Does a good TKL board with green switches exist? No ricer shit. 
 Code, WASD 
 yeah anything like that but with 20/NKRO without PS2, my Mobo doesn't have a port for it. 
 What do you even do to need NKRO that 6KRO over USB can't do?  Don't forget you'll be hard pressed finding greens on more mainstream manufacturers 
 Games that require a lot of buttons to be pressed at any 1 time. 
 USB does 4 modifiers+6 non-modifiers.  When would you ever be pressing more than that at once? 
 Well 2bh I did not know there was +4 modifiers. That's okay I guess.  CODE or WASD boards can do the 2x Shift quick brown dog jumps... thing flawlessly? 
  That's a separate issue.   There's matrix rollover, which isn't really a problem for any mechanical keyboard. It's only an issue with rubber domes since they don't have diodes, where any combination of 2 keys will work, but 3+ keys can cause problems depending on which specific keys and the layout of the matrix.   Then there's protocol rollover. PS/2 has NKRO, USB has 6+4 unless it has a better firmware which allows NKRO at the cost of possibly not working in BIOSes and such. Fancy once let you toggle it, even fancier ones guess automatically. This is generally the limitation on a mechanical keyboard. 
Got myself a Deck Hassium Pro with browns for my first mechanical keyboard. Honestly the stink about the font used in most reviews is overplayed it actually looks worse in the pictures than it does IRL. In fact I'm a little fond of the eccentric font. One valid complaint though is the spotty backlighting in some of the keys. Though I guess it's a decent compromise since it seems it's either PBT caps OR good backlighting.  Also, it took some getting used to the feel of a mk coming from a rubberdome. Like I would subconsciously press the strafe button in an fps and then wonder "hey why am I strafing?" And only realize a moment later I actually was holding the strafe button. Like maybe I should've gotten a higher force switch instead (I kinda impulse bought this, didn't get a switch tester first lol). Overall a very worthwhile purchase though. 
   I ordered a Compact SQ, does that count? 
    You should shell out $1,000 for an industrial model M and destroy that, old man. You'd really show those hipsters 
ITT: thread is derailed by two raging old men who won't rest until everybody does their taxes on a numpad and then destroys the whole keyboard 
 I just picture him doing his taxes today muttering to himself about tkl and hipsters. 
 Yes, actually. 
Hey bros. Is there any noticeable difference between red and brown switches? Never owned a mechanical keyboard before. I keep hearing brown is the best for any first time buyer. It'll be used mainly for general use and RTS games. 
  Yes.   Marketing.  ' It doesn't matter what it'll be used for. 
 Thanks for answering all my questions without actually answering anything. 
 You're welcome. 
 What color do you have anon? 
 I have a NovaTouch. 
 Are CMStorm quick fires any good? Seem to be relatively cheap with good reviewsm 
 The quickfire rapid is a good choice. 
 Go to a store and test out different switches. If at all possible on a keyboard while typing stuff instead of trying out one of those test boards with one of each switch. 
 Get blues if you don't mind the sound. Blues are fine for gaming and great for typing. Don't let redditors fool you into thinking otherwise.  But of course, always, always try all the switches first if you can. 
 Noise is kind of the only thing I would like to steer away from. From reading, red seems to be the best for my needs. But I think you're all correct in me actually using them to see which feels the most natural. Much thanks. 
Does anyone have this Vim keyboard?  Is it worth the price? 
 even if I had one I'd probably still resort to just mashing random keys. 
 Isn't that just a WASD with custom printing? 
 Yes but I can't seem to find an actual picture of it 
  Meant to quote 
  I like the model M because it's a nice mechanical keyboard, and I typed on one for the first ten years of my life, probably before you were born.  I literally have about equal time on a Model M as I do all other keyboards combined.  The experience is the same for a huge number of people.  There was a world that existed before you were born and learned to talk. 
So /g/, which is better, the Dell XPS 13 or the 2015 MacBook Pro?  Or is there a better laptop on the market? 
 k501ux 
mbp 
 Come on now, anon. 
I'm seriously considering the xps15, is there anything known to be wrong with it? 
  
  Hardware-locked auto-brightness 
 For real? I thought there was a fix for the xps13, and it was just memeing 
 Ah yes, the laptop that gets superior battery life only with the Pleb tier 1080p display, and gets fucked by the retina for the High DPI version 
       bezels   ayylmao 
 Dell is the best if you like the smell of cat piss. And also if you're a giant edge-lord + anti-trend contrarian 
  No. 
Pixel 2 LS is better then both. 
 Mac screens are literally middling average tier shit. 
 Quit forcing this phrase, Linuxnerd. 
 Quit forcing shit into you mouth with your hands Abdul. 
 Poo in the loo, Parjeet 
 The better laptop is for sure the XPS 15.  13 is nice and all but the extra size screen you get without bezels is wonderful + the 15 offers much better performance options. 
  
   
X1 Carbon 
 Yeah, but the 15 comes with a hefty price tag 
  
 I can afford it, it's just for that price why not go the 15 inch macbook pro? 
it depends what you wanna do with it.  I ended up getting the gf a Zenbook UX305 for xmas, I checked it out in the MS store, it was zippy enough for all her needs.  No point in over spending on shit you don't need. 
  
 How is it worse? 
  
   
 If you're purchasing such a premium computer you might as well get something nice.  Base model is 999. Just sayin. 
 What's wrong with an 800 mhz cap?  And what do you mean boiling water?  Seems like the hardware is similar between the XPS and the MBP, but the build quality seems better on the MBP. Am I wrong in that? 
    Pick one. 
     pick 3 
   So macbooks. 
 i remember when anon's used to bait their hooks 
    fuck there are people still using PPC macbooks running Tiger in this day and age. and C2D MBPs are common as fuck.  best of all, in 5 years you will be able to sell your macbook for 500-700. how much will you get for your 5 year old chinkpad or dell no-name laptop? $50 LOL 
 Can you elaborate?  I've seen nothing but bad build quality from Windows laptops, you don't really hear about bad build quality in MacBooks. 
 Sauce?  What's wrong with plastic hinges, don't the venerable thinkpads have those? 
 Mac users have trouble figuring out google, so they congregate on apple.com. 
 Thinkpads have titanium hinges, not recycled soda can hinges like facebooks. 
 I don't get this, XPS is a premium product so they wouldn't put something so terrible in it.  I doubt there are any reports of this being a problem. 
 There aren't. It's just iShills' last desperate straw grasping to defend their terribly designed overheating laptops. 
 Again you don't elaborate. 
What's the battery life like on a Macbook Pro? 
    WOW APPLE PRODUCTS ARE SO SHIT LMAO 
 Just barely edging out gaymen laptops. 
   
 Everything above it only seem slightly better 
 They fare pretty well considering their hardware is three times as powerful and have half the battery capacity. 
 meme display"  
  XPS to a 16" 20lb facebook machine  You poorfags will say anything to defend your shitbooks 
I'm so torn right now, Surface vs a Yoga 4. On one hand the Surface is so slick but the Yoga seems more practical 
    okay, son 
  bezels  
 .5 lbs  ITT poorfags that can't afford real premium portable products. 
  
Can someone tell me what they think of the yoga 900? The price is the same for the Dell and macbook for better specs in a totally sex design 
  get a prebuilt tower if you want power  use smartphone for portable needs  laptops are shit all around. 
 For all my macshilling, it does look genuinely worth the shekels. Considering replacing my macbook with one at some point. 
 Yeah same desu. I've never seen anyrhing about it on g. 
Serious question. How can you justify spending over $400-500 on a laptop? They're going to become obsolete and you can't even upgrade them unlike a desktop. I want one but fuck me I just can't go through with it. 
  The XP13 is pretty sick, going to pick one up for school next month 
 Tbh tho senpai the only thing that concerns me is supposedly the SSD in it is sub par compared to what's in Macbooks and Surface book etc. 
Man 16:10 looks so fucking awkward on laptops. Imagine how much nicer that XPS would look if its bottom bezel were half its current thickness... 
Why not get one of the Surface Pros? 
 Tru Senpai, tru. The surface book and macbook aren't as good in every other category except battery. The yoga still has the edge in my opinion. 
 Having enough money and needing it. 
 I meant 16:9, arg 
     I dunno man, I have an early 2013. Am I shitting in my own hands? 
 Really think about it... Are you shitting in your own hands? :/  Sorry bruv.  My condolences. 
  That comes in the reasonable range for a laptop of those specs, doesn't it? 
  pretty much this.  I don't even consider selling my 2012 rMBP and before I purchase this in 2012 I only had a late 2007 C2D mbp Which today I still use it for Archive purpose and listening FLAC. I renewed the thermal compound myself last week. it was like 60 Celsius idle before and now 40 Celsius idle and around 60 Celsius listening FLAC, Torrenting and Safari with a few tabs open also using it dual screen.  All I get is great user experience from apple products. I think people are jealous bcs they don't have it. It's the Ultimate Normie Computer imo and it's powerful enough! 
 Can vouch    
   
     xps owners drink their own piss 
      sounds about right 
 I have one and that's bullshit. 
   How are they? 
 I'm with you anon. Why the fuck does anyone want so much extra horizontal space on a machine they will use for work?? I can just about cope on a 23+" monitor but I'm clinging to my thinkpad like an autistic child until a windows machine comes to save me with a sensible screen. I think it's the best thing about macbooks to be honest. 
 '  I don't know why they would put so much work into this and still gimp the machine with a 16:9. Even though it has fucking huge disgusting bezels, because of its taller screen, the Apple still makes better use of the space imo. 
Is now a good time to buy a 15" MBP ? Would like to buy it with 2,8 Ghz, 16 Gb RAM and 512 Gb SSD. Or should I wait for the new Skylake ones ? 
 when in doubt always wait it out 
   it`s like you hate multitasking or something 
    this guy here  I recommend waiting too. 
 fyi they're made by samsung      They are great, few months ago bought asus rog g771jw only few problems a bit heavy (bought a backpack for that) and metal surface likes when i eat chips or something with fat 
    th...thanks apple 
  Do you have any idea when they might come out ? I could wait, but not too long... Tried googling it but can only find rumors 
   literal autism 
 How is it a glorified 1280x800? 
 Fuck off 
 the dell XPS15/ dell precision equivalent 
Will getting the 4k display on the XPS 15 kill any chance of gaming on it? I have a 2011 XPS 15 with sandy bridge i5 and GT 525m gpu. Looking to upgrade. I don't want a gaming laptop but enjoy having a game or two on my XPS but that 4k is also tempting. 
   c  You can always downscale the fuck out of it. 
 My XPS with a GT 525m plays Fallout 3 and Metro 2033 alright. Surely a GTX 960m is a huge leap from what my current laptop has right? It's not a dedicated gaming laptop but I do enjoy using the GPU on occasion. 
 
What shell do you use? What do you use for your hostname, why and do you have a naming convention for your machines? What's your goto username and how did you get/choose it? 
 OP's answer:  <pre class="prettyprint">nishale@corruptor:~$</pre>  - bash because I don't need anything else - corruptor because this fucker keeps corrupting its filesystem, i usually use astral bodies and terms from astronomy in general otherwise - nishale because old nickname 
FISH I S H 
  Recently migrated my 3 machines to fish, quite nice to use. I still use bash for muh POSIX or scripting. 
Bash because I'm comfortable with it and don't need the zsh awesome features.   A variant of my first name.   Mac is my scrawny alpha cats name. tiger.  Debian is my cuddly fat cats name. mia. 
 
 
Why does intel keep producing chips with their awful integrated graphics onboard?  Why can't they remove that and give us 4 more cores to BTFO amd for good. 
Most people don't need anything more than integrated graphics. If they need more, they know where to get more. 
 They do make CPUs without graphics. They're called Xeon. They're often a good deal if you weren't going to overclock anyway. The one I got performs and costs the same as a high-end i5 while having hyper-threading capability like an i7. 
Integrated graphics are used by the majority of their users. IE OEMs.   The GPU on the chip has a much lower failure rate after making the chips, but adding 4 more x86 cores would make the chips more expensive to make, since the CPU diespace has a fairly high failure rate. 
 if they removed it, I would need a dedicated gpu on my laptop, intel onboard graphics are good enough for a normal laptop. for gaming pc's it would be better if the calculation power could be used next to a normal GPU 
 Protip:intel is winning because of that. Like amd they've been offloading computation for years but never shill ed it as a feature like amd does. 
  Why can't they have two product lines like AMD?   Xeon blows though 
 Only children and engineers need dedicated GPUs 
  How so? I've been satisfied with mine. 
 Anyone with more than one monitor needs a dedicated GPU. That's everyone but the lowest of the low office peons who only get thin clients. 
 Multiple monitors are a symptom of bad window management 
 okay, archneet 
 Expensive motherboards lacking features simply because it's a server board  Expensive memory  Xeon barely out performs normal intel chips 
 Look at this poorfag and laugh 
 My Xeon is in a regular desktop board with the same socket as i5s/i7s. A Xeon does not require ECC RAM. ECC RAM requires a Xeon. I'm using regular cheap memory. 
  kek 
 
 A couple hundred for a second monitor in portrait is nothing when you're getting paid instead of archneeting. It's nice being able to have the entirety of most scripts/modules on a screen. 
 So your using motherboards that don't officially support your xeon and prayed it worked? 
 
 bro ur only running three programs on that there 17" monitor thats not "good window management" just cus u have a tiling WM I use a tiling WM and i still have no fucking clue how you can live without a second monitor like holy fuck just go get one for free on craiglist god fucking damnit wtf is wrong with you 
 Literally the truth You can't physically look at more than one screen at the same time, you retards 
 I checked with other users. 
 You have two eyes, it's possible 
 it called not having a monitor 2 inches away from your eyes retarded 
 u cant physically look at a space bigger than like fucking 3"x3" but you have goddamn peripherals you fuck and who said you were staring at one screen the whole time you're using your computer lol the legitimate only argument against a second monitor is "I have work spaces" but damn i even cut those in half because i have two monitors and only need 5 on each screen wow 
 You can't focus on both monitors at the same time. Multiple monitors are for people without proper window management and/or attention deficit disorder. Just get a proper WM and use 9 or more workspaces. 
 I just use GNU Screen in my mintty windows. On my two monitors :-) 
 pretty much, i moved my other monitors because they were just glowing in my face for no real reason 
   Xeon has higher cache latencies, so it is in fact a bit worse.     In laptops I'm thankful that they include a low-power graphics chip, so I can actually use my display without halving my battery time. 
 You can't focus on your whole monitor at once, so why not sell it and get a smaller, lower resolution monitor for free? Why use a text editor other than ed? Having a second monitor is the same as having one big monitor. 
 I need my second monitor to watch anime while I draw hentai on the first one 
 Not true. I have hdmi and dvi outputs(i think there's a vga too) on an i5. 
 Side monitors are useful for programming. You can put reference material on the side.  Monitors: 3  1(+1)  1  "2" 
 You can put the reference manual on another virtual workspace 
 I do both. 
  anon pls 
 Why is it upside-down 
 Le Australia xDDD 
 Skylake and future xeon now require server boards. Hoped you enjoyed the fun while it lasted. 
Weebs  edition  Old thread:   Not sure what private trackers are all about?  Check out the wiki and update it yourself if you want more instead of complaining like a fucking faggot. to get into private trackers (and survive): to get into trackers: Interview Notes:  as a link to find the /ptg/ thread.  Remember the following:      
Who /W***.CD/ here? 
 Why do some retarded trackers like to hide their names? Do they think people won't know? 
How do I add 2 torrents with same hash and different trackers? I want to seed both, but deluge doesn't let me do that. 
does sinderella have older JAVs that are rarely seeded on nyaa? 
 Reminder that h*h is h4h.xyz 
   Daily reminder that if you go here, it tries to install malware into your system. 
no one can stop me buying these plates 
 Good luck trying to buy that plate. (Pro tip: You won't be able to buy it) 
Reminder that pic related are all the secret tracker sites. They will most probably come to you so don't beg for invites or you will be barred forever from entry. 
 D***.CD here 
 hi rajeesh-sir, did you end up getting that passthecurry invite for me? I allready give you 10 hon3yhd invites but why you no give me passthecurry? 
 create new torrent? does that not work? or is there a reason you wouldn't want to do that? 
tfw i**or****.c*m masterrace 
 he probably wants to have both trackers on the same torrent 
 you donated yet raj? don't go to loo just one day but donate pls 
What's so hard about getting into wcd? 
 literally nothing 
 It's not, in contrast we're really lucky to have the easy interview system in place 
Wondering why firefox said I had a (You) in this thread but I realised it was OP linking old thread, oops   If they're the same hash the only thing you can do is run two different torrent clients.  If you're making the torrent to xupload somewhere, you can alter the hash by ensuring you create the torrent with different piece sizes than the original. 
  nothing they should make it harder desu imo  at least require a decent ratio from some other tracker 
 I don't have invites now. sorry bhai 
  
Does Desi.CD have recruitment threads on any private trackers? 
 Fuck off, Sandeep 
anyone on db9? how join? 
 A few of us are. Junglefags always find eachother somehow so just be sociable (obviously not here) and someone will invite you. They don't recruit so RIP if you have autism. 
  shit, i'll just tap fast on my desk or something 
 so you can help me with F*******N.**? 
first 
For some fucking reason i got banned on r/tracker because i told someone that ex Undergroundgamer is now called Retrowith.in  Looks like this triggers the autists there so ill go full retard spam this here:  Undergroundgamer = Retrowith.in   Undergroundgamer = Retrowith.in   Undergroundgamer = Retrowith.in   Undergroundgamer = Retrowith.in   Undergroundgamer = Retrowith.in 
 Reminder that 4chan isn't a place for redditors to be le edgyposters because they're assmad about their shit site and their shit moderation.  Nobody likes you, go have a shitpost tantrum somewhere else. 
     d****e this 
 Why did you delete it?  Here i saved it. 
 DELETE THIS 
 delete this! 
 DELETE THIS 
 fucking hell 
 I forgot optimization sir 
     Is this the new meme? 
 it's just the new cancer trying to meymey 
How good is HDB in terms of older/non-mainstream movies? 
  
  You might be. 
 For example 'optimization' (  ) was something mcadams and laser used to autism about, but now it's just pathetic copycats 
   Step back kid, let the pro's handle this. 
 10/10 
 Maybe because it's in their rules to not spread the information about this tracker in public, retard? 
  report as spam and move on. 
  
                     
 It is not. 
 quality post friend, may the upvotes be with you 
 I was brought here by 312bitch whining about 4chan trolls at r/trackers as well, lol.    It's only a matter of rules of said tracker. If they don't want the info to be spread, don't get butthurt when you get banned. 
 yes, it literally is.  Source, I'm fucking on it. 
 Literally the first rule. 
Undergroundgamer = Retrowith.in   Undergroundgamer = Retrowith.in   Undergroundgamer = Retrowith.in   Undergroundgamer = Retrowith.in   Undergroundgamer = Retrowith.in  Spread the word, make autists mad. Their "rule" is that you cant post this info in public. TOP KEK 
                                                         DELETE **IS 
 We don't care, go back to reddit. 
 When you fuckers going to learn to read the OP?  ''   ''''  NEVER engage any social interaction with anyone on any tracker - you are at risk of getting banned. Only about technical issues and problems about the trackers (NOT about your pc/phone/etc)  If you want to shitpost about someone do it here anonymously. 
 You seem mad. 
   Why the fuck would you recommend that, the thread is alread 95% reddit shitposting, can't you see that? 
     You forgot to delete SAGE in your post shitposter. 
 Well when there's nothing to discuss there is going to be shitposting, what do you expect? 
 This 
 DELETE THIS 
 */ptg/ was founded by /tv/ niggers  ftfy 
 MMMMM 
  I thought you faggots fucked off to fulchan already. Why do you keep coming back here? 
Is there anything more comfier than sideloading Kodi on your non jailbroken iPhone 6s+ and adding your movie share with files sourced from PTP, PixelHD, Teh, and AHD, with your TV share sourced from BTN? 
   
 Are you being serious? 
 people actually watch anything more than short clips on their phone? 
 shithead thread is pure cancer 
 
NO DATA CAP O  D A T A  C A P 
 Sprint sales rep from last night. Post questions and I will get back to you. 
who fucking cares?  i'd take 4 gig cap on verizon any day of the fucking week over anything on sprint 
 this retarded brand loyalty is holding us all back, wake the fuck up shill. 
 Didn't see you in /spg/. Anyways, is it better to lease a phone or pay through easy pay? 
I have sprint. My only problem is lack of phone variety 
 Sprint doesn't cap, but they throttle after 23GB if you're on a tower with a lot of users.  It polls every 200ms so as soon as the tower is no longer congested, the throttling ceases.    It's so the top 3% of data users don't make the service unbearably slow for the other 97%.  Every US carrier has something similar if you go digging in the fine print. 
 fuck off sprint shill, i like to actually get service and sprint sucks major balls west of the mississippi   just like tmobile sucks balls outside of any major city.  commercials bragging about how strong/fast their 4g signal is doesnt mean shit when half the time you arent even in 4g  i pay for what i want faggot 
 Verizon network guy here, get a network that works and I might even switch :)  Hated going through some highways with a sprint phone playing our favorite game "Signal or No Signal!" 
 Fucking dumbass   Ok this should last me for decent bit"  '    '  Verizon: not even once 
 Sprint has 0 coverage where I'm at.  Would would be the next carrier you'd recommend?  I'm liking t mobile .  I like their binge on feature which would benefit me a ton 
 why arent you excited for the fact that verizon may follow suit instead of just saying "fuck you sprint"  why do you enjoy getting keked?   fucking shill 
 I just got home. Holidays are shit for hours. Thats my fault and I am sorry.   Lease is the best, saves you 200 bucks if you didnt want the phone and if you do, your monthly payments are less than Easypay would be because of the 200 dollar difference. 
 For coverage, Verizon. For data, Tmobile. But I would just get sprint, request a airwave. I assume you are at home with wifi. If so, the Airwave will be a god-send and you can have cheap unlimited data when you arnt at home and still so-so coverage.   Also, sorry for late reply. Ex is trying to hook back up and is looking for sum fuk. 
 Ah nice. Second off, is it true there's no data cap no matter what plan you're on? 
 I can't deal with this fucking one bar anymore,  Fuck you sprint shills, Verizon had better coverage for sure 
 Its 1,2,4,5,8,10,12,15,20,and 25 GB of LTE speeds, then its unlimited 2G all day. So yes, its "unlimited" 
 I wrk for sprint and im not going to lie. Verizon is better for coverage and thats all they have. Their prices are shit, their phones are locked down, and they suck ass at about everything else. Nobody tell you how they was given 8 billion in stimulus to rebuild infrastructure and lower prices and all they did was pocket it? will post source if to lazy to google. 
 i can make an receive phonecalls anywhere i go, and i get 4g service in bum fuck mid west as well.  no amount of epic memes by you will change that 
 oh god, i made a typo. everything I say is invalid now.  *work 
 Why is verizon going to sue sprint? Verizon is about to go for broke while sprint is ontop of gobs of money. 
 How does the SERO plan work and is it easy to switch phones like when a new Nexus comes out next year and still be able to keep the plan? 
 its 35 for unlimited everything and you have to do a 2-year agreement. I know sprint is removing 2 year agreements on the 1st of the year, but it still will be offered to SERO subscribers. 
Sprint botnet confirmed 
 So it clearly states that it doesnt care for your personal data. It uses WiFi IP to save battery on GPS by looking at the IP of networks and locating them, thus locating you, and getting a betting lock on where you are. 
 Ok, but how easy is it to switch between unlocked phones once I get the plan? Will I be able to just call sprint and ask em to switch the MEID for me and just ask em for a new ICCID? After the 2 year agreement is over can I still keep the plan as well as the same rates? Lastly, how exactly do I join this plan? Do I just walk in a sprint store and ask for this specific plan or is this more like a friends / family of sprint employees kind of thing? 
 Sprint wont activate unlocked phones for you unfortunately. I had this issue with a customer today. We wont even activate Boost phones. After your 2 year term is up, you keep the plan, but you can cancel anytime. Only way to get the plan is to either be a employee for 3 months, or know someone on the inside. 
 Welcome to 20 years ago america 
   How does this make any sense? So let's say your phone gets stolen / broken / just died then you're stuck with a plan that you won't be able to use? 
 *sigh* You have to get the insurance and pay the premium, or buy another sprint phone either from us or other means. 
   Anon-kun, will you be my "someone" from the inside? :^) 
  
 Granted I've never tried swapping an existing customer to an unlocked phone, but I've activated a few unlocked Verizon iPhones myself. I don't see why it would be different. We just call up to our sales support center, have them add the IMEI to the system, and then just activate them like any other phone. We would need a Sprint SIM, though, but the customer can call Order Support for that, but more often than not, we have spare ones laying around that we save for new customers. 
 OH LORD YOU HAVE SIM CARDS JUST LAYING AROUND HOLY JESUS WE CHARGE 35 A POP!? WE COUNT THEM FUCKERS TOO 
 Not many. We might have two or three at a time. Just whatever SIM cards we can bum off of buybacks/trade-ins. 
 I never thought of snatching buyback sims. But back to activating unlocked phones on Sprint. Ive been told countless times that we cant activate Verizon phones. I also have a nigger who I work with who wont even let you try, she just starts yelling about how you cant and will make a big thing about it and get a manager. 
 follow suit is an idiom meaning to "copy" or make the same decision  not sue.      keked 
  feels good man but to be honest I only use a max of 4 gigs a month. 
 You can, though, at least for new customers I know you can, but only unlocked Verizon iPhones (5S and newer). It was even mentioned in the Playbook a long time ago. Try calling NSS and confirm with them if it can be done, when you get a chance. 
  I hit the jackpot senpais 
   why do that when SD cards exist?  oh right  
 Enjoy spending an extra 20 bucks when verizon lubes up your anus. 
 I have the sprint m8 with GPE rom on it. Have 6.0 and a 128gb SD card with unlimited data, do I win? 
  Welcome to 2001. Signed : europe/asia 
 It's not cause of cost cutting, its cause jewgle is tryna make you join the buttnet and use jewgle drive and Google play music cause SD cards are old tech amirite and everyone in the world has unlimited 4g and doesn't need more memory, and if you do, just buy the 64gb model for only $100 more goyim! 
 worldwide unlimited 4g would be nice though 
How do you guys like ATT? 
 Seriously? What company? 
 probably some magical euro isp 
  Actually its a mexican company Movistar, don't know if they operate outside Mexico. I got a call one day and they offered me this deal if I switched companies (I was using Telcel then) of course I took it asap since all I had to do was pick up the new chip at their local office/store. To top it off its not even a contract, I literally can just pay the $3.50 at any of many stores and also stop at any time I want, I could also get all that plus unlimited Facebook and Twitter for $7 but I'm sticking to this one until February when I get a job. The best thing about this is that it will force Telcel to be more competitive and consumer friendly. 
 Being I have 4 unlimited data lines and rent out 3 to other users, i'm passing the cost right to them. I get 150 bucks a month from each user, my bill is like 300ish a month. I'm making money on my cell phone plan 
 NO SIGNAL O  S I G N A L 
  what kind of meme is this? lmao 
 Fucking this, and here I thought I was the only one. 
   Did you fall for the CDMA Jew again OP? GSM is the master race 
 All verizon 4G phones are unlocked by default. 
 no data cap even for tethering/hotspot? 
As we all know prices for electronics in Europe are total bullshit, so if you know good places to buy from Europe please post them in this thread.   I built my PC from a german store Mindfactory and I have not yet found better prices anywhere, their store is in german but it's easy to navigate.  Currently I am looking at where I could find the new Dell Inspirion 7000, that is $800 in USA, but the lowest I could find in Europe is 1100€. 
I use this German search engine to buy stuff  
    nothing too surprising 
 That's pretty good, great filtering system thanks. 
 The EU and US are planning a free trade agreement anyway. 
Imagine what you have to pay for electronics in Greece   at least the prostitutes are cheap 
 Ooh splendid 
   That's mostly because prices in the US are written tax-free, whereas European online merchants usually write thm including VAT. 
 Allways wondered why that's a thing in America. What about places like newegg and Amazon? I look at prices to compare from there. 
 
 Does chlorine chicken sound like cheap electronics to you? 
 It's a bit more expensive than mindfactory, but how much is shipping? 
 If you are looking for a new laptop try eBay. I got my latitude with 256 GB ssd and 4 year warranty for from there. Price was good considering the specs (sadly no fhd screen but I can still upgrade if I want to ) 
 did you ever hear the words taxes and 2 year warranty? fuck off 
 I hope this does not pass. I don't want American shitty chlorine chicken in Europe. No thanks. 
 Free if you're not to far from Switzerland 
 taxes are usually ~20%, not 30%x1.1 for euro to dollar conversion 
 The price in the USA doesn't include taxes nor warranties. It's perfectly normal that it's more expensive in EU 
   roughly 998 eur here in Hungary  On another note, don't be a good goy and buy recently released tech. 
 If you add taxes, shipping cost and customs  the price is the same 
  ldlc is pretty good too 
 Internet sites like Newegg and Amazon dont charge tax unless they have a physical store in my state. Warranties are manufacturer provided. At a physical store in my state its 6% sales tax. 
 They don't charge tax, but customs do 
 lol anything that's exported to Europe still has to meet European food standards though you fucking retard 
 Are you retarded? Just buy fram France or Germany e.g Pixmania and Mindfactory 
 Why not? Also what store is that? I am from Slovenia so hungary is a viable option. 
In this thread: People know shit about free trade and its impacts. 
 New tech is always overpriced and probably has some shit that is yet to be found (like buying 970 at launch and only later hearing about the 3.5gb bs) 1-2 year old tech is well reviewed, costs less and is pretty much always enough for everyone 
 It also gets outdated faster and has less performance, for instance the GTX 950m is better than the GTX 760m, with Nvidia taking a shit on older cards. But you are correct, altho it's not so easy finding hardware that is not current-gen. 
 mindfactory.de just done royally fucked me over by having me pay for a GPU which wasn't in stock in the first place. What kind of business bills their client and then checks stock? 
 950M is only marginally faster than the 760M, there's very little in it 
 They did that to me too the first time I bought from them, chose a GTX 980 that was on sale, unfortunately it went out of stock and I had to go with a 970, but they did return the money and apologised. They are still the cheapest option and reply to emails fast and in english. I do however wish it was like America ant they would offer me the next 980 for the price of the one on sale. 
 That is a massive unacceptable Jew move though. Any respectable store has automatic stock keeping, why would they have you pay and then check stock?  They're in a legal grey zone with this. Pretty sure once a bill has been made you are bound to the transaction. For online stores they have to deliver in 30 days. I asked a full refund, but now my money will be in international bank transfer limbo for at least a week. I need the GPU buy christmas. Fucking assholes next time I just buy Amazon. 
prices are not that different. obviously it depends on the euro/dollar exchange rate. you have to do your homework to find the goods shops or internet sites that's all. 
 False, with the agreement eventi Banned OGM have the right to sell in EU if this passes. 
  alternate.de + caseking.de 
  You know that's how online buying sites work right? You pay and then then send the product exept if you choose to pay with the bill at the product's arrival 
Well I'm French and I didn't even know that French tech prices were one of the lowest in Europe.  We still get jewed though 
 No ? Amazon, ldlc (French), cdiscount (French), materiel.net (French), topachat (French) all charge you WHEN they ship, ie if they don't have it in stock they tell you right away and cancel the order 
 Let's rephrase the question:  What are good price indexers/ price search engines in EUR?    Is a great suggestion I would like to add:  For the Lowlands (Belgium and Netherlands):  tweakers.net/pricewatch  Another german one: one anon posted seems better though)  Need more suggestions for price comparison and search please 
 Normally they CHECK STOCK BEFORE they bill you not after. Major deal to get a bill, pay it and then get a message: "Sorry your order is not in stock. We can offer some alternatives if you call us. Or we can refund you."  Very consumer unfriendly because now my money is in banktransaction limbo for over a week at least just because they send bills for orders that are not in stock. 
 When your order is not in stock they restock it you dingus You buy things from weird sites if they yust cancel your order instead of giving you your goods 
  This. The Union will be flooded with chlorine chicken and vomit flavored "chocolate".  YANKEE GO HOME 
I mostly buy my shit from Amazon.de, after comparing some prices on Tweakers.net  Amazon almost always seem to have the best prices 
some one should make a section put the best links rated high medium and low based on service quality and low price in the /g/ wiki 
Trovaprezzi.it for Italy Damn good search engine 
I had to buy most of my parts on amazon. It's usually the cheapest place and if I hope not to buy things online I'm looking for things like what I bought yesterday online (an i5 4460 for 178€) on any store in my city I would have to pay 225€. It's kind of disgusting honestly and I can see why some people in my country refuse to get into PC gaming, when a decent actual gaming PC costs usually 600 if lucky. 
 muh internet commerce laws  if they dont have an office in your state you get shit without  tax unless you are in one those retarded states 
 It will be anything except a trade agreement Basically it will make it possible for the multinational companies to steal much more money from the tax-payers No sane person who is not a boss at those companies can be for that 
 Doesn't caseking mostly sell chinese trash? 
 itsco.de for refurbished PC 
  Never knew such a thing even existed 
   Do they ship to other countries? 
 Where do you buy your tech? I am looking to build a new pc and deduct the Áfa for my own company. I used to buy my gear at ipon, but I'm just not sure anymore. 
  Just checked iPON (Thank god it's in Croatian too, can't understand none of Hungarian) and the prices are not very good, I am looking at the R7 370 and it's 155€ in Hungary, vs 137€ in Slovenia and in Germany it's 133€. 
 Eh, it's not too bad. If you know where to look (i.e. use a price comparison site) you can usually get decent prices. Keep in mind that all prices in the US are listed without taxes, while in the EU taxes are typically included in the list price. If you'd apply the same tax rates for your country to the US price you usually end up in roughly the same price range. 
Which options are there for people who don't want to use any American tech, services or cloud storage?  Their technology politics is becoming crazy and scary so I as a European can't trust them anymore. 
 Yandex is a good european substitute for many Google/Microsoft/Yahoo/Dropbox services.  Also, Qwant as search engine 
  Hello Vladimir 
NetEase for free music Weibo and VK for social networking Beatport for club music streaming free of charge LINE messaging Qihoo 360 Yunpan Cloud Drive 
 Hi NSA :^) 
 Qwant is French 
 Wew lad 
 I think they meant it for Yandex 
 你好 
 這個名單真的好。 
 What is Russia going to do with my info? 
  As a European, I trust Russia and China more. 
   The fuck I'm reading? 
 Russia and China are better. No one likes the NSA. 
  
36TB free storage 
 They aren't better. If you believe that any ruler respects the privacy of his subjects you're a fucking idiot. The only difference in the west is the need to pretend, the attempt to keep it secret.  But I kinda suspect that there is less cooperation between Russian or Chinese services and western agencies. 
Is 2016 the long-awaited year of the Linux desktop? 
 Why is he fat? 
 Hes pregnant 
 too much beer 
Too much ale! 
ja 
 Keep dreaming, deary. 
 Probably not 
It will never happen. 
There will probably never be a dominant mainstream desktop Linux platform, but only because the mainstream will instead be dominated by handheld devices.  Desktop systems are becoming things only for professionals and enthusiasts. This is not a bad thing. 
 How does just your belly get that big but not your arms and legs? 
 does he ever change his fucking clothes? It seems like every recent video and picture I've seen of him he is wearing the same red shirt and tan pants 
2016 is the year of the ARM laptop  Even Apple will come out with an ARM ultrabook this year. 
 He probably owns a dozen red shirt. Same as Steve Jobs with his black turtlenecks. 
 It's his fav color, give him a break 
What's wrong with systemd? 
 what's right with systemd? 
 Botnet 
 Fragile 
 goes against unix principles, also devs are shitty. 
 The issue people have is that it is "Too Big" I agree that it is doing too much. It is originally supposed to be an init system, but now it manages EVERYTHING from init, networking, device mounting, and some other things that i don't know of.  It is making one giant system that is so interdependant, the point of Unix being made of easily interchangable components is just out the window. 
 penises in your butthole 
Nothing wrong, just autists crying 
 Pain in the ass to work with 
 Goes against the Unix philosophy. 
  This. 
 /thread   GNU's Not Unix.   900000x better than anything before it.  Saying this as someone that's used GNU/Linux for over 15 years.  Fuck systemd haters, they're probably all Microsoft-paid FUDster shills. 
 Go away poettering. 
51746058 Thank you my friend. I will make sure the payment is deposited into your account 
 Go away, paid Microsoft shill.    Sheesh, they just flock here all at once, don't they? 
 Justify the behemoth that systemd is becoming 
 Not a whole lot. It's logs are not in plain text though, which can be a pain if you need to access them from a non-systemd OS. Other than that, it's a godsend and there is a reason why almost every major distro has either switched to it or made plans to switch to it. 
 This 
 Do you even know what a botnet is? 
this thread is fine and all what with the implied shitposting but does pic in  even work? 
  Do that and post results. 
  Wrong.  Wrong.  Wrong. ' Like everything systemd related?  Wrong.  Actually do some research before you go around spreading misinformation. 
 Suck my dick fuccboi 
   
I have no fucking idea, I just recently(last year) started getting heavily back into *nix and seen a ton of anti-systemd shit but can't figure out the issue other than it's new and a bit confusing. 
 '  Saying shit like this makes people wonder if you've even been alive for 15 years, let alone using a computer for that amount of time. 
I just took a Linux class and the professor taught us all about how linux and init work based on CentOS 6.7, doubtlessly because he hates the use of systemd on CentOS 7. Why should we be taught things the old way when all the distros are using the new way? 
 ok :D 
 35mm delta's put out some serious thrust nigga 
 So should I keep windows 10 so? I do not want to put my career in peril if linux distro are botnet too. 
 Too late world is ran on Linux 
 it's new  new = triggering 
It's some bullshit daemon you never needed. And it's so all over everything now that all issues start with "Hey guys I'm running foo with bar with baz with systemd and bar is broken [..]". Never before had the init system played a role in userland applications suddenly breaking. So just use OpenRC and be happy because it has always worked just fine. 
  
 systemd is more than init, and where it's more it's bullshit.  Just a layer of shit made to make the developers seem important.  If you fail kernel development, you go develop systemd. 
Introduced as a replacement for init It seems to be a good one. But it is not intended to be just that. The creators state their goal is to unify "pointless differences between distributions". That is what scares me.   All popular distributions seem to choose it now, in essence making it stronger and more difficult to step away from in the long run. It is absorbing so many key Linux parts, and because of it's adoption by the big distro's we will see software start to depend on it. The same freedom distros have, to choose for systemd, will not be the same when they don't like it anymore. Even if systemd is good at what it does, the goal of the people behind system is clear. Next tings we will see is a step away from the standards for the directory layout, and after that package management will become the same on all system linuxes...   Systemd feels to me like a democratic chosen dictator that doesn't want to go away. 
 It's everything except an init system. So I could say everything is wrong, 
 Why would you need to work with it? 
 Pain in the ass to work with Pointless compared to traditional init if u know what you're doing Things like wayland REQUIRE systemdick now Things like busybox WON'T WORK AT ALL in systemd 
  what's unix principles anyway? why is it wrong if something goes against it? 
 CentOS 6 is still commonly used on servers, with lots of stuff being written/configured specifically for it. It's supported until 2020. 
 ' 
 Fingers crossed they force everyone to use Nix. 
 nothing really the old fashioned sysv init system isn't much better 
  hahahahaha 
  
How do we remove it? 
 Nothing. A meme. 
So is there any ad blocker for android that works?  Also general android must have apps thread the non-tinfoilhat edition 
I use AdAway found in the F-Droid app store 
 fine, i won't post the answer then.  what's wrong with ads if you have nothing to hide? 
adaway 
 They basically use space in my screen ._. 
nope 
Adguard is better than ABP if unrooted. Just got it yesterday and it seems pretty good. 
 you are all homogaybians.  Xposed+Unbeloved Hosts  Masterrace 
 Doesnt AdAway block the some url's? 
 Adaway works well enough, but I haven't used it in two years. 
 how the fuck do you install xposed on cm12? or is it even possible? 
 Go on. 
  It is, and I am. You need to read the Xposed thread on XDA and grab the files from there. All of my modules are loaded and working.    GAPS FREE-  even the kernel cannot phone home.  The power in intoxicating!!  MUA, HAHAHAHAAAA! AAAAAAAAHHAHAHAAHAHAAAA!  WAAAAAAAAHHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAA  FUG DA BOLEECE 
 They are fucking ads, thats whats wrong with them! 
 I never really got it to work... Ads on apps like chrome and YouTube still came up.. 
AdGuard works without root 
 Adaway You can get in on FDroid 
 Teach me your ways based anon, for real. I simply gave up after tons of research thinking it was botnot (to some extent) or no smartphone unless I wanted to code an entire OS myself.  Is it all in one thread? 
  Not sure about YouTube, but I know AdAway won't won't work with Chrome if it (Chrome) is in "data saver" mode. 
 I just tried this and it was slow as shit compared to adaway. Made all websites have additional delay when loading. 
I use AdAway and MinMinGuard (Xposed), is it redundant to use both? 
   It needs root.  And on HTC devices with S-On you need to change the path. There is a guide online 
    ISHYGDDT 
  You sad little existence tbqh family 
      Being this pleb and still being on /g/. Don't you feel out of place here? 
       
I browse with Firefox for Android and install the Ublock Origin extension.  Doesn't work with apps, so don't use apps with ads. You would have trouble blocking them anyway. 
 Adblock browser 
thereI understand how you feel. make no mistake, there has been allot of hair pulling and frustration along the way. however, with each mistake came a new bit of knowledge. sometimes I would give up for a few days to clear my mind, and attack a problem with a fresh perspective.   Android is botnet- but, with some work, you can have control over the device that belongs to YOU- NOT the other way around.    All the information you need is all there buried within the chaos that are the XDA Developer's threads. You must be patient, and read carefully. I have found that, many of the issues others have encountered are a result of not following directions. Some devices are problematic, and require work-arounds.  Arm yourself with the 3 fold shield of power, and above all learn them well.  1 ROOT  2 AFWall+ (especially settings) read the documentation  3 XposedFramework + XPrivacy (especially settings) read the documentation.   Go, grasshopper... be diligent in your quest, for the path is narrow and steep. Up ahead, there is a clearing where our family plays in relative freedom.  We shall meet there and never know.  Can you grok it? 
  Not really needed anymore. If you go to about:config and turn on Tracking Protection (which uses the same blocklist as Disconnect) it effectively blocks all advertisements. 
 If you have xposed installed go and install YouTube adblock module. It's regularly updated and I've never seen ads since I've been using it. 
 Made my morning little better anon. 
  That's like saying "straight faggot" 
 AFwall+ doesn't work on my device, what's a good alternative? 
  'straight faggot"  Are you suggesting that the hardware manufacturer's shitty software is better than a custom tailored ROM that uses less battery while giving a better feeling and being way more customizable? 
ITT: autistic /g/ memes you haven't fell for yet   ' 
 
  this I spent money on much more useful 2 tb space than nanoseconds faster boot times 
 ' 
 What do you put on your SSD if not programs? 
 
 an operating system. 
 
To be fair there was a time when that advice was useful.    In 2015 almost all "SSD optimization tricks" are outdated or completely unnecessary. 
 who is that left bottom guy 
   
 not utilizing your SSD is a normie meme I'm pretty sure  
 ' 
 This I only have a SSD and no other HDD and it's not even close to dying. 
 The only SSD I've seen 'fail' was a Crucial V300 from like 2012, and that was due to faulty firmware and had barely been written to. Even these 40GB Intels I've got in RAID0 are still going strong.  People don't understand how huge the amount of writes required to kill a drive through wear is.  Even if it's only 300 P/E cycles, 128GB: 38.4TB 256GB: 76.8TB 512GB: 153.6TB  and keep in mind the rated write endurance for the drives is a very conservative estimate, and most drives carry on just fine far past that  but hey, normies are stupid, who knew 
   Heck, 250GB SSDs have already fallen to the budget bracket. 
  Enjoy your bad sectors and subtle data corruption.  SSDs are crap-tier for archival data storage. 
 Just fell for the ssd meme... 
  wat how is any of this (escept for maybe swap) a bad thing? 
  I got my fist SSD last year. Granted, it's an M.2 PCI-E one, but holy shit it's fast. I didn't expect it would be so quick.  This is coming from a 10,000rpm WD Velociraptor, that was my last OS drive. It just can't compare. 
 My list:    
So was the grooveshark alternative that was using music163 as a source in yesterdays discussion legit ?  Downloading some stuff currently on a VM, nothing bad seems to happen oder than 320kbs mp3 files landing on my hdd    How is downloading music from streaming website cosinder out of a juristical point of view ? Pic related, Europe sucks 
It's still stealing, anon. If you actually gain something from it, use it while you can. 
 Getting music out of youtube is pants-on-head retarded. Download the entire album in flac from kat.cr or thepiratebay and then just convert to Ac3 or whatever mobile format fit your needs while keeping the flacs for storage. You can even download the entire album mp3 320kbps faster than you find one song. 
 Yeah. No. You don't use Torrents in Germany without getting assfucked. Just look for DDL sites where you can download the stuff from uploaded, mega or your other favorite 1click hoster. 
 Oh, that works too, mega is still working just fine 
 ui sucks but this thing is doing its job 
 just use one of the many versions of the "gtunes" music app. It just downloads songs from locations it had found after crawling the web looking for them (I think)  it has almost everything on it, even some shit you cannot find on youtube (though it cant play from youtube itself) 
What are some great music visualizers? Preferably ones that can run in the background on my desktop. 
 Rainmemer 
 If you're using Windwows, Winamp has Milkdrop. It's the best one out there. It can run as in the background of your desktop and has lots of presets.  For linux there is projectM but im not sure if it supports running as background. 
 
mfw 
Sleep tight, pupper 
Gonna be attempting tile- windows on openbox later after work on my first arch attempt. Can't get xpyb installed for pytyle.  Keep getting a bunch of shitty syntax errors. 
 glorious Wmii here 
New article is up:  do haskell programmers virtue signal in bold like breathing? 
agree'd 
What's your end goal? 
 For Haskell programmers to understand concepts in computer science exist in other languages, often magnitudes stronger, without any downsides. 
 But you haven't done this.  All you've done is complain about how functional programmers allegedly behave instead of criticizing the languages. 
 Clickbait, that whole article contains two "arguments": 1. ad populum: nobody uses haskell, therefore it must be bad. 2. ad hominem: Haskell programmers can't program and their opinion doesn't matter. Not even a Haskell programmer, I just hate stupid bullshit like that. 
 wow latin terms you must be really smart! 
   Those are their words.   I've pasted haskell on the website.  I've mentioned the fact haskell is not strong in any domain of programming (video, music, gaming, health, finance, web, ios, android, tv, cars, space, airplanes, etc)  If you want to push a language - the burden is on you not just to spit out CS glossary concepts as if your language invented them - but to actually *have* merits.  Please see  
Remember:    be a manboob in a suit, use Haskell and get laid. 
  Honest question, what is Haskell actually good for? Isn't the point of programming languages to become easier and therefor be able to write more and more complicated stuff as more abstractions get added?   If a language is so difficult that it takes very long to learn let alone master then it kind of defeats the purpose. The "oh my language is so powerful because I can do this cool trick that will take me a couple of hours to read 6 month - 1 year from now" then what's the point?   Also, what's the point of purity if is just works against you? 
 Probably smarter than you, anon. They probably are one of the few logical users on /pol/ 
  BTFO 
  Writing compilers, and it's a good host language for EDSLs.  ' Purity in general doesn't work against you.  With linear types (which are encoded in Haskell with monads), purity admits side effects, but retains the quality of working with all evaluation strategies. 
 
So what's the opinion on truecyrpt here? All I know is a while ago the dev stopped support and told everyone to stop using it. Is there anything to actually be concerned about? 
7.1a is still robust.  But really if you want really reliable encryption, don't use windows. 
 I wouldn't trust it. dm-crypt/LUKS or geom_eli only. 
It has a shady background but that's all you have to be concerned about.  I'd say it's a bad idea to jump into using dead software though. 
last thread is about to kick the bucket   Other business laptops are also welcome in /tpg/ (e.g. Dell Latitude/Precision, HP EliteBook/ZBook).  If you're looking for purchase advice, READ THE BUYERS GUIDE FIRST. Then post, stating budget and requirements (e.g. size and performance). Don't buy anything OTHER THAN T, X AND W SERIES if you want the Real ThinkPad Experience™  Recommended models: T420 - 14", normal size X220 - 12.5", lightweight ---- No news. ---- Why ThinkPad? (also applies to other business laptops)         *BSD support. ---- Used ThinkPad Buyers Guide: discount for new ThinkPads (USA only, usually 15%+ off): - Info on ThinkPads and running GNU/Linux on them: service guides w/ tutorial videos:  
first 
 Like I said earlier, closer to 30c. Speccy and TPFC don't seem to agree on the temperature, but it's around that area.   None that I've noticed. I keep the CPU speed set to Adaptive ever since I noticed how much of a difference it made with Turbo Boost disabled on my X220. TPFC overrides fan-related settings in Power Manager anyway, I think. 
 Yep you are correct, it overrides the power manager.  I think I might start using TPFC since the fan barely makes noise and lower temperatures could be indeed useful. 
speaking of temps, imo I think my idle temps are too high (pic related). I occasionally play League of Legends, when I do my t420 runs between 65-70c (disabled the dGPU to also save about 10-15c). 
 
  Have you disabled Turbo Boost? That really helped the temps on my X220 and there wasn't any noticeable decrease in performance. 
  I was messing with thinkpad fan control and found out that I'd rather just set a constant speed, currently at level 5/7 and it's cool as fuck. Try it on level 7 when you game. 
 According to the power manager, yes. Toggling Turbo Boost is within the BIOS though right? 
Thoughts on the t530? I see glossy screens available for it. Kind of curious on how that would look. How's the performance for moderate gaming? Skyrim, minecraft? 
   How do you disable it? T410 here 
I'm buying a replacement for my x220's monitor because of pressure spots. I'm interested in whether or not there's a model of the monitor out there that reduces ghosting.  Which one should I get? I'm seeing a ton on a website for replacement laptop screens. 
Welp, I pulled. Got a T430 1600x900 8GB 320GB HDD (figured it was worth a little extra for USB 3.0 and better integrated GPU) and a brand new 9 cell extended battery for around $300 total. A couple weeks ago I was so close to pulling on a $1200 XPS 15 until the damn cert news came out. Then I just decided to build a pc for $650, got a freesync monitor for $250, and now this brings me back to $1200 at a much better value. Thanks for not letting me into shit memes, /g/. I'll report back next week. 
 Enjoy your shitty keyboard 
   But the Thinkpad is the meme. Gaming laptops are /g/'s anti-meme. Everyone here hates them, except for a very brief love affair with the Lenovo Y series a few years ago.  I hope you now understand what a shitty value gaming laptops are. Unless you're a traveling businessman who plays games in hotel rooms on his downtime, there is absolutely no reason to own one, because even a Micro ITX build can do better. 
 this comment looks familiar 8^)   i had a an asus g73jh previously, and I was about to get the dell xps 15, which isn't necessarily a "gaming laptop", but it is a pretty nice machine with a 960m. But yeah, by comparison not getting one was a much better value. I almost made the same mistake twice _ 
 doable? found a few for sub-$30, but i don't know if the 1.4GHz C2D SU9400 would handle many modern applications 
 Can't complain for $30 But yes, a ULV duo2cuo is inadequate for most things 
  Wheeeeeerrreeee  I really want one of these just to add to my collection, but everywhere I look faggots are still charging $250 for an X300 because "muh watershed Thinkpad design" when the things are completely incapable of doing fuck all. 
So I've got a t41 that will run for a little while, but after a few minutes, it will freeze. I've tried several other Linux distros, with no avail. Occasionally the laptop won't post, and it will play a beep code indicating a VGA failure. I'm guessing my gpu got super hot one day without me knowing. Do any of you know if I could just use a hairdryer to reflow the bga under the chip? I really want to get this t41 working again, My only other option is using my a22p with 387MB ram. 
Fucking keks gave me a 1366x768...otherwise it's pretty great keyboard on the t430 is so much better than any other laptop I've tried 
T420 or 8460p, and why. 
 t420 because t420 
 Did you get it off eBay?  I sense a free T430 coming along. 
Any recommended batteries for my X200t before I go and buy a cheapie off ebay? 
Bamp for new thread   They shouldn't have glossy screens though...   And what do you type on? A T30? No? Something newer? Shut the fuck up 
 i got it on ebay yeah  literally what? 
 What's wrong it it? Regardless it's a good deal, X301 uses DDR3 RAM instead of DDR2 like what I got. 1.8" drives are weird, but there's mSATA converters. It doesn't do much... It's probably a netbook to today's standards, I'd say less  But it's a fucking blast to type on, my favorite Core2Duo machine to use! 
 Get the 8460p if it offers better contrast ratios  Idk T420 smoke it   He's implying that you should use the resolution center to say "item not as described" and GT your money back 
 Is that a university dorm room? Looks kinda sterile. Whatever happened to the cozy aesthetic? 
 you would have to return the item then wouldn't you? 
 X201 rocking gentoo ^-^ i7-620m 8gb ram 350gb hdd 
 don't have a lot of shit too put on my walls, it's hard to put stuff up here and decorate since you can't really use hooks, nails, and the like, tape easily peels the paint off here and you get fucking charged for paint damages but trust me minus the walls its pretty damn cozy, been thinking about getting a desk plant also 
Honestly I'm using my X60T more than my X230. Great piece of hardware. 
      Why not? Why does it get smoked by the T420? 
 Yes you would, but sometimes it doesn't work like that. 
 meh i got it for $210 anyways and it's in great shape, got a pretty good deal on it minus geting keked out off a 1600x900 screen which i can replace and still pay relatively the same amount  that others pay for T430s 
 T420 blaze it motherfucker, i've dropped mine like 12 times and its all good 
   Top kek, the University tried pulling that stunt on me as well, I just shoved it back in their faces claiming "normal wear and tear" under provincial tenant protection laws (not sure how it works where you live). Long story short they ended up backing down after words were exchanged on both sides. Fuck I wish I could go back to being a first-year university student living in a dorm, the real world sucks so much in comparison.   In keeping with the spirit of the thread, I managed to find a shot of my T400 back when it still ran Windows Vista. I still remember the unbelievable levels of hatred for this OS.   
 I thought Vista was ambitious, but rubbish. Microsoft tried to do too much in too little time and the result came out sort of half-baked. But at least they made a concerted effort to improve things, unlike their "are you fucking kidding me" effort with Windows 8. 
Best thinkpad for development GO 
Why is it so hard to find a decent x220 on eBay?   Just looking for one with IPS, SSD, and maybe a 9-cell 
  because just like you everyone bought into the meme at the same time  market dynamics bruh 
  Still better than XP. 
 Nice Palm. What use was there really for it in 2007? 
I got a T420 on the way and I'm looking to get a mouse that I can bring along with it.   I'm sure wireless is more convenient but I don't think wired would matter much either.   Can anybody suggest something for about 30 dollars? 
 Because business doesn't like to shell out money for things like IPS f it doesn't need it, so there are few of those. Same for SSD and 9-cell. 
 T60 for dank 4:3 1600x1200 IPS and top-tier keyboard even among thinkpads  the hardware is dinosaur-tier but it's not like you need a lot of power to run a text editor and a compiler 
  White spots and image retention   Useful as some users rape the battery so a reduction in capacity isn't as bad as a 6 cell  I keep tabs on users who go through too many batteries, and give them the Panasonic OEM ones that last longer. Sanyo batteries don't last.   Back in 2011, too expensive for a usable capacity.  Also people switch on their machines once a day, gives them time to grab a cup of coffee in the morning whilst their laptop boots. 
 Whether that's completely viable depends on how much battery the anon needs at a time. If not a lot, then a maxed out T60 or T60p is still very good, so long as over 3GB RAM is not needed. 
My first, an x220 with i7-2520m and 160Gb SSD is arriving in two hours.  What distros are you guys using? How is the battery with linux? Would I be better off just trying Windows 7? 
  Cheapies off eBay are made of 'recycled' cells pulled directly out of already dead batteries.  They throw away anything that won't hold a charge at all and slap the rest into new plastic shells and sell 'em on ebay for $18. 
  As a rough estimate from screenshots etc I'd say that about 60% of tpg is on botnet 7, 25% on ubuntu derivatives and the other 15% are Arch/i3 minimalists.  Personally I like Lubuntu. It is the lightest (?) of the ubuntu derivatives, meaning it's great if you like low cpu/ram use and don't mind the lack of fancy transparency etc. Arch can get you to just as lightweight (or more), but you'll have to do a bunch of setup and shit to get it going whereas Lub is pretty much a 5 click install.  Mint, Xubuntu, and Elementary OS are ubuntu-based distros that add fancy graphix at the cost of some system resources. 
 I dualboot botnet and xubuntu. Need both for my work. 
 That's interesting. I've heard a few people here say that Windows 7 is good. I'm not too sure if that is just the shills or not.  I don't need windows for anything, I run it on my desktop on a small partition for some recording and mixing work, but that's the only time I use it. I hate the way it looks and some of the retarded crashes that happen for no reason at all. I might go with that, so far I have a fedora 23 xfce disk image that I might just use. Have fedora and gah-nohm on the desktop. Should be arriving with the next few minutes.... 
Picking up an X230 for 320 AUD (~230 USD). Did I do good /tpg/? Only 4gb/no ssd.  I just want a laptop to throw a distro on for shits and giggles and to learn for when I inevitably make the jump from botnet. 
 I'd return it and be a nig jew. 
Is it worth getting p70? 
 Enjoy your shitty keyboard 
 After SP1  SP2, sure. At launch, not a chance.      It was later than that, this was taken sometime in 2009. I used the Palm (think it was an m505) as my contact/calendar book since I was too poor to afford a cell phone. IIRC, I was the only student on my floor who bothered to setup the landline.    Windows 7 is arguably the best version of Windows ever made, but since the NSA apparently acted as "advisors" for it you can be sure that there's some kind of backdoor. Not really a huge deal, you can get rid of the worst of the botnet by disabling and/or uninstalling the Microsoft Telemetry updates and using encryption. Also keep in mind that the NSA has probably corrupted *nix as well, so unless you're using Libreboot and running *BSD they will find you. 
Should I replace outdated debian's repo to ubuntu? 
  Sure, they're both interchangeable and completely compatible. 
 That's actually wrong. 
  Of course it's fucking wrong. It's called trolling, faggot. 
   Choose one, please desu 
I'm using Sid. It's plenty stable for non-server use. I still save, quit, and commit my org-mode files daily, because emacs has crashed when using it from my phone with screen and mosh. Follow the upgrade procedure correctly and it probably won't break. 
 qbitorrent on debian is v3.1.10 on github v3.3.1  there's a critical fix on v3.2.1 
 on stable, on testing it is 3.2.5 
 holy shit this made me kek I don't think you can make sarcasm more obvious 
So my Corsair M60 crapped out, scroll wheel button now needs a hard press to even work and sometimes still doesn't.  Out of warranty one year. Tried some home repairs, cleaned everything, tried to prop up the right side of the circuit board so that the button would be more easily pressed fully but I think the internal button itself is just shit by the this point. I was thinking it was time for an upgrade anyway, what do you /g/uys like for gaming? The 502 looks pretty dece but I worry some buttons are too far of a reach. I got big hands tho. 
 Stay the fuck away from logitechs current g seeries, it s got the same fucking middle mouse breaking problem. It seems like they are all sourcing the switches from the same production. I've rmad my g602 twice already for middle click failure, and if you search g502/g602 or any other current g and middle mouse failure you'll find tons of threads. 
 Fuck. really? That's disappointing to hear, I was hoping it would be more robust. I need that middle click for killing tabs and assigning it to secondary stuff in games. 
 Same, i've been using a SS rival 300, we'll see how lon its middle mouse lasts. None of my older logitech mice have ever died as fast in terms of middle mouse and i've had them since mx518, super disappointing. I guess to make that edge gayman style that razer has they sacrificed quality of the hardware. 
  Yeah that shit don't come cheap, and the scroll wheel is a smart place for them to skimp since it can be used so infrequently. Fuckers.   I'll peep that for a min 
 The Sensei Raw doesn't look too bad, I would prefer something with 3 thumb buttons though. 
 502 does have 3 year warranty tho 
 Yea logitechs rma has been without issue, but its stilll a pain in the balls having to do an rma, wait for replys, wait for new mouse all while being stuck with a mouse that doesn't have middle click. I'm an animator and i rely on middle click a ton. 
  Ok well that's decent at least, a bit annoying but there doesn't seem to be another mouse that'll match my needs with a 3 year warranty. It's looking like the safest bet rn 
 
What's the gaymen pc of phones? 
Any phone with an Adreno 430 GPU I guess. 
About to take about 30 headers from a CSV and wrap them into 30 headers in SQLite via python. I have about 20k items in this csv. Can anyone give me some advice on wtf I should be doing here? I am using VARCHAR for most of my field types because the guys who wrote this spreadsheet could have thrown just about anything into this messy spreadsheet.  also: no I will not go and do this in C or some shit. I learned python for the last three weeks and have been cramming. If you want to suggest some other database queries/read/write statements then Im all in. 
I would recommend having two python files one makes the db and the other adds the rows of the csv  <pre class="prettyprint">  f = open("urfatcsv.csv") header = f.deadline()  data = f.read() for line in data:      Sql insert line shit senpai  </pre> 
 Thank you so much! That is a good suggestion. So far I have all 67 of my headers written out. I feel like I am trying to use my flim flam sqlite when I should be using straight SQL. Especially where I can designate other types of fields.   <pre class="prettyprint">c.execute("CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS t (col1, col2)") </pre> I am going to have to put all my headers into a line of code like that, aren't I? 
<pre class="prettyprint"> def make_database():     c.execute('CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS ctable ('custno TEXT, </pre> It doesn't like the 'custno'. Any ideas why? I am getting invalid syntax. 
Pic unrelated... For gaming pc graphics, should I go with gtx geforce 670, or amd radeon r9 390? 
Get an HD5450 :') 
R9 390 or if you want nvidia either a 970 or 980 there's literally no point in anything else right now 
 Definately a 5450, I get 45-50 FPS on Far Cry 4 at 1440p, best budget 1440p card by far!! 
A GTX 670? Really?  I mean, that card is like almost 4 years old now 
Ima hijack this thread.   What should I upgrade first my i5-2500k or my r9 280x 
 Definitely the i5 
   So should I stick to an i5 of the current gen or go for an i7?   What's Intel's current processor that's gonna be as long lasting as the 2500k? 
    Also while I'm at it is getting a modular PSU worth the price difference? 
  Yes, you want at least semi modular power supplies for the air flow and cable management.  Go for something like EVGA Supernova G2 
 Wut about my processor question tho? 
 Is that 6 an upside down 9? 970 vs 390? Either.   i5i7 for gaymen current gen~next gen  Except you need DDR4 for 6xxx 
   
 This is a SFW boa- 
 Except for 3D rendering, video editing and heavy multitasking. 
 ^ 
 this 
 you dont need a new processor, get the graphics card. 
    Are you an idiot?  The 5450 struggle to play rome total war in 2012 
Wow both of those cards completey suck. 
 
 Actually the GTX670 is one of the finest cards NVidia has ever made. It runs cool, still runs most current games at max and doesn't have any weird slow memory problems like the 970.  It's just old now so it's kinda silly to buy it at this point. It's probably really bad value as well if you can still get one. 
 get a cripple 970 ^) 
  ' 
BTFO B T F O 
class="prettyprint"> You appear to be advocating a new: [ ] functional [X] imperative [X] object-oriented [X] procedural [ ] stack-based [X] "multi-paradigm" [ ] lazy [ ] eager [X] statically-typed [ ] dynamically-typed [ ] pure [ ] impure [ ] non-hygienic [ ] visual [X] beginner-friendly [ ] non-programmer-friendly [ ] completely incomprehensible programming language. Your language will not work. Here is why it will not work.  You appear to believe that: [X] Syntax is what makes programming difficult [X] Garbage collection is free [ ] Computers have infinite memory [ ] Nobody really needs:  [X] concurrency [X] a REPL [ ] debugger support [X] IDE support [ ] I/O  [ ] to interact with code not written in your language [ ] The entire world speaks 7-bit ASCII [X] Scaling up to large software projects will be easy [X] Convincing programmers to adopt a new language will be easy [ ] Convincing programmers to adopt a language-specific IDE will be easy [ ] Programmers love writing lots of boilerplate [ ] Specifying behaviors as "undefined" means that programmers won't rely on them [ ] "Spooky action at a distance" makes programming more fun  Unfortunately, your language (has/lacks): [lacks] comprehensible syntax [lacks] semicolons [has] significant whitespace [ ] macros [has] implicit type conversion [ ] explicit casting [has] type inference [ ] goto [ ] exceptions [ ] closures [ ] tail recursion [lacks] coroutines  ... 8 cut </pre> 
bump this is gold /g/entlemen 
  B..bu..butt programmers are my fwends. 
 I really like that template. 
 Get fucked Steve. No one gives a shit about your comments. 
  Man that's something hard to achieve 
 What? 
Accidentally deleted my windows partitions while installing arch Linux. I have a Windows installation DVD but haven't been tempted to go back ever since u got arch running and got it somewhat comfy.   But answer me this,  /g/. Why does arch load slower than Windows?   Also are load times between SSD and Hard drives significant with arch? Is it worth it to have it on my SSD?, will the SSD last as long? 
 load times in what lol that question literally gives me no information at all as to what you are asking me and im running arch and literally everything ive done on it is faster (even gaymes) 
 if you speak about the boot time, Arch boots faster on my PC than Win10 (both installed on an SSD) 
 You can't play games on Linux anon! 
  U wot m8? 
Time it takes to load up parabola, startx, and finish loading startup programs: 2 minutes  Time it takes for win7 to start up and load startup programs and stop lagging: 10+ minutes 
  Not on my machine™ But seriously, you probably bloated your init to hell. 
  b-but arch uses stystemd... 
 class="quote">Systemd has been used as the Linux init system to bootstrap the user space and manage all processes subsequently, I hope you just be trolling me. 
 whats this neat program 
  
 Damn that's fast. It's a shame Linux only has a few good games like Dying Light. 
 systemd-analyze plot  plot.svg 
  can =/= should  he shouldn't 
 no 
  are you even into programming? 
 Yes 
  see i paly gaymes and i knoe its != goddamnit 
 
 
   What year is it? 
If you're going to greentext, don't make it that long. Nobody reads greentext lines that long. 
 shots fucking fired family 
 Is this bait? Let it be bait. You can fucking clean install easily by selecting advanced installation features and wiping the drive during setup. 
 U wot m8 Clean install = wipe partition then install 
 I have a 128GB SSD that I use as my OS drive. Not all of us are richfag NEETs.  M8, this was a clean install from a USB stick, the previous OS was LUKS-encrypted Linux, all partitions were deleted. There is literally no way there could have been a previous Windows installation could have been created, yet there was a 15.something GB Windows.old directory. 
class="quote">so simple op can do it. 
 Its not worth it. /g/ is just filled with edgy gaymer and "socially funtioning IT worker at a shitty company" 
         What a fucking difference. Debian is nice, but apt is shit, dnf is so much better.   Besides the name, why aren't you using Fedora /g/? 
 GIVE ME YOUR WALLPAPER, BITCH 
 
 rude 
 Because I use centos for development and windows for fucking about and watching anime.  The only reason you should be using linux distros is for personal development or contributing to their respective projects.    lol 
 Agreed. Fedora it's my favourite distro ever since installing it on my laptop. 
 I personally find my GNU/Linux more functional and clear in comparison to Windows or MacOS. 
 I can't tell if the font rendering is good or bad 
 Linux is shit 
 Never used fedora but whats even the difference between the package managers that would make a difference? 
 Not op, but is centos better for development in some way? If so, why? 
I'm in the same boat as you OP. Apt is shit. 
 A U R U R 
 Pacman is great when it deletes your config files 
 Fuck iz u talmbout nigga 
 Nice meme. 
 Because I use Arch 
Worth trying ubuntu gnome? 
 Packages are always at least one release behind and that's unlikely to change any time soon. I had thought it would finally start to control its own fate as Ubuntu moves away from Gnome, but they have once again adopted Gnome Software as their app store meaning that they'll still be selecting the versions for a bunch of packages that Ubuntu Gnome won't be able to do anything about.  Honestly I've been thinking about switching away from it but Steam and the easy availability of RadeonSI OpenGL 4 support via a PPA has kept me on it.  I've thought about Arch given the comparisons I hear made with it and my nostalgia for Slackware but I'm not sure I really care to run it as it sounds fairly unstable. 
 it's bad 
 I have been using that wallpaper for about a year on my laptop. It's k. 
 '' As long as you don't use the testing repo, limit your usage of the AUR to things that your operating system doesn't depend on, and check Arch News before big updates, you should be fairly fine. It's not nearly as unstable as some people make it out to be. 
   
 Why aren't you using OS X? 
  
gnome is a nice pic OP. I left linux for windows 10 sadly but been loving it.glad you're not using some shit Wm considering this is 2015 
   This. I used to distrohop every few months. One install of arch and I've had it for years.  In three years, I've had the system break once, and all it took was running nvidia-xconfig and it was back to normal. 
 ' 
 I would actually recommend fedora to normies if it weren't for the fact that you need to install rpmfusion and a fuckton of codec packages to have a usable desktop system. other than that issue, the distro works like a dream 
 Because opensuse. 
  My nigger 
Linux from scratch is the only way 
 How in hell is dnf better than apt? In what way? Speed's worse and you don't have anything like a ppa. 
 dnf. It's too slow 
 ' I can't run fully functional Windows VM inside of it for games. With damned VGA passtrough on ONE monitor. 
I use Fedora! I haven't really noticed too much of a difference from dnf and the deprecated yum packaging. 
 Literally never happened ever. 
Currently because you can't get proprietary graphics drivers for it. 
'  D R O P P E D R O P P E D 
  This * 9001 dnf is slightly better than apt when it comes to dependency resolution / not fucking you over and telling you it's okay to remove packages when it isn't and then everything breaks and you hang yourself.  But everything is better at that than apt, so it's no big deal. dnf is slow as shit. More correctly, Fedora's repos are slow as shit to download, at least for me. I use the closest ones, apparently, but it still takes the fat end of a minute to download them (sometimes longer, actually) and it does so every time you run pretty much any command. It's total horse shit.  In terms of speed pacman is the best for me, it's just a shame about its LEL HAKKER xD command syntax.  tldr dnf is shit Fedora is shit you a shit 
 It's not. I don't know why anyone would ever use CentOS outside of server use. Quite a lot of people have RedHat licenses from work though. 
 ' 
  
   
 If all you're doing is fucking about and watching anime, Linux is objectively superior. 
Because I use NixOS. 
          
 Because crunchy is much better, right? 
yo archers tell me how to make eudev work, its like its missing at boot arch+openrc+eudev 
   I have literally never run into an issue with apt that I was unable to solve fairly quickly. 
 I use debian for the stability. For bleeding-edge packages I run arch.  Fedora literally "just works." 
 I prefer Debian-based systems on the desktop. I use CentOS on my servers though. 
  Right, like you actually do more with your package manager than install/remove/upgrade. 
 BOTNET O T N E T 
what kind of aliases do you have/use for your shell? <pre class="prettyprint">history='fc -l 1' l='ls -lah' la='ls -lAh' ll='ls -lh' ls='ls -G' lsa='ls -lah' ...=../.. ....=../../.. .....=../../../.. ......=../../../../.. 1='cd -' 2='cd -2' 3='cd -3' 4='cd -4' 5='cd -5' 6='cd -6' 7='cd -7' 8='cd -8' 9='cd -9' ubrew='brew update  brew upgrade' </pre> 
Does anyone own the Ideapad 100S? Is it worth the $150 new price? 
 Do you really want to buy this stupid malware? 
 I'm done dealing with used laptops. I had a W520, a T420, R61i, resold all for profits and just don't want to bother anymore. 
 all of those computers were much better than this one. 
 
what is the future of swift? 
 anon I recommend you clojure more than swift 
 An improved version of Go It's based desu 
Apple is the future of swift 
  
 Death 
 Go is already approaching perfect, whereas Swift is shite. 
So, I don't know shit about programming... But can you potentially code anything with any language of your choice? Does the developer just get to choose? For example could you just decide to make the same software with Java, Python, or Swift? 
  For the most part yes but certain limitations will exist. It will also be easier to implement X solution in one programming language over the other. 
'' did it go so wrong? 
 looks nice desu 
  It went wrong in the late eighties or early nineties when the Macintosh practically stalled. 
Looks better than the ones that weren't made by Apple a friend of mine had. 
    If they made it the same thickness, you'd have even more battery life. 
 No you wouldn't, the camera would still stop you from extending the battery too far up. Do you really think that anker case has a bigger battery just because it's full thickness all the way across? It's doesn't. 
 you can still fit more battery in 
 Suck my dick fuccboi 
 You do me first and maybe we got a deal   And add more bulk. 
 negligible bulk as it still has the same width and I'd say it's more comfortable being uniform 
   kek 
  nah, every bit of bulk counts when carrying something on your body or in your pocket. 
 What if I sucked mine instead! Ha! 
 You can fit another smaller cell next to the camera 
 Sure, maybe if you're zoolander 
Is this really an apple product?  Jesus fucking christ 
 Hi there!  You seem to have made a bit of a mistake in your post. Luckily, the users of 4chan are always willing to help you clear this problem right up! You appear to have used a tripcode when posting, but your identity has nothing at all to do with the conversation! Whoops! You should always remember to stop using your tripcode when the thread it was used for is gone, unless another one is started! Posting with a tripcode when it isn't necessary is poor form. You should always try to post anonymously, unless your identity is absolutely vital to the post that you're making!  Now, there's no need to thank me. I'm just doing my bit to help you get used to the anonymous image-board culture! 
   
 You don't have to buy it. 
 3rd party batteries are a probably dangerous 
 Stop being so fucking autstic, if you are concerned about   The don't get this case at all.  Yes I'm mad. 
 I can't buy it, wont fit my 6s plus 
  jesus christ 
 This. Who the fuck cares what apple does anymore?  Do andrones really try that desperately hard to make fun of apple? Everybody who is not copletle retarded knows that the company has gone to shit after jobs died. Now it's only a matter of time until they become irrelevant.  Just an example, with jobs, the apple watch would have been way more successful. 
    Androidtards, everyone 
   It's just so outdated, you should have upgraded to bluetooth some 10 years ago. 
   hurr durr it's so dangerous gais! buy overpriced shit that is exactly the same. 
This is the board that sings the praises of overpriced keyboards. Let that sink in. 
 wait wait wait wait wait, how does it deliver power? how can you charge it? how does it supply power to the actual iphone? is it wireless? if it was wireless, wouldn't that mean that the wireless charging sensor of the phone is always on, which means higher power consumption? 
 ahahahah wtf?! so they finally admit that the iphone battery life is total shit.   gone   gone  ' gone  apple fags will still defend and buy this. applefags confirmed subhuman plebs who easily fall for marketing. 
    
 I use Bluetooth all day long when driving to listen to music and it has no impact at all on my battery life. 
 did you even click the link? there is a connector at the bottom   this so much 
  enjoy incompability, because most headphones use an audiojack and less soundquality so apple can make their device 1mm thinner and make it last only 4 hrs.  nice try ishill 
 ah, didn't see that, so it makes the already enormous phone even taller?, that's retarded 
 Looks like something designed by a homosexual Just like the apple watch sports edition wristband 
  
 yes plus what he  said   
 $99 for that abomination? wtf Applel? 
  Yeah, like 2-3% in overall battery drain.  Would take that anytime over having to deal with stupid headphones cables. 
  holy fuck how are you not getting this, people don't care about a few more milli-meters for a bigger battery. I can't think of a single techy person I know that has bought the iPhone - and a pro being that it's thinner - it makes no fucking diferrence 
        I blame humanity in general. Consumers are just too retarded. 
 but it is what the typical apple user wants. they know their retarded customers. 
 Fuck off. Your comment has less to do with this thread than his trip code. 
 glad to see apple inventing the battery case 
 So you're an actual apple shill? Thanks for using a trip. 
 '  Hold me. 
 Fuck off you nigger, don't you want to be able to filter apple shills? 
  
 I recognized it. It's just annoying. 
 My phone can now join my sides. 
 kek every white chick i see with an iphone has a cracked screen and 4kg thick case around it im always impressed 
 Manbearpig? 
  '  Never used a battery pack or anything like that. Is this normal? Sounds stupid to me desu. 
  
 nah just a typical american apple user 
 jej 
How's the new Dell XPS 13 laptop? 
 i'm a poorfag so i dunno 
  It's pretty damn sexy.  Beyond that I already have a laptop and I would probably miss OS X if I switched back to Windows. 
 probably again better than the rmpr 13 or the air. but wait for the updated uefi, it will fix the energy management and expand the batterylife. also wait for the developer edition because it come with linux and is cheaper.  you save and if you want windows you can install it later but it is still cheaper. 
So it's almost 2016, and I just wanna use this Bitcoin craze to send some money easily between UK and US.  Heard about Circle and wanted to do it. Anyone has any experience with their service? Recommend it? Do I need to understand bitcoin to do it? I heard exchanging back and forth BTC is a bitch. Anyone care to outline the steps they've done for a transfer with these guys? Coinbase doesn't support UK, and I'm trying to trasnfer UK -  US 
 I bet you think kids nowadays listen to MTV, too. 
 It's still not mainstream okay 
64 bit ARM laptops with 8 GB RAM Does this exist already?  One of these days, I will actually have a machine with ARM. They said it would be this year, but maybe it’ll be next year. 2016 will be the year of the ARM laptop." -- Linus Torvalds 
I haven't seen one yet, but they will be coming soon 
There are phones that have 4gb of ram already and the architecture on the snapdragon 830 will support upto 8gb of ram 
Raspberry pi laptop Pi top 
 Not 64 bit, only 1 GB RAM 
 There are only Chromebooks so far. I have a Chromebook Flip and it's really nice but I think for ARM to go mainstream - Windows will have to be compiled for it  I know it's shit but ARM needs a big company like Microshit to take notice of it 
 Already happened, nobody cared because it couldn't run x86 software. 
 Well that, AND Microsoft stipulated in the contracts with manufacturers that the bootloader be locked down with SecureBoot and no way to turn it off...  Like on the Asus VivoTabs 
 That's the fucking point you dumbass ARM can't run x86 software because it's x86 software and has to be compiled for ARM  You made my point for me 
 (meaning you couldn't wipe Windows off it and install a real OS, like Linux) 
 There are already plenty of Linux distros that you can download pre-compiled for ARM.  The locked-down BIOS/bootloader was the problem with that hardware... You couldn't install Linux on it because of that, even though Linux was already available pre-compiled for the architecture. 
 Yeah. There was no confusion about that, your words were  I was merely telling you it already happened.  Cunt. 
  
Cortex A72 is going to be one bad ass thing. if only nigger tier chink companies would make their hardware less locked down it could really be the year of the ARM laptop. 
 u w0t m8 
<pre class="prettyprint"> poop <pre class="prettyprint"></pre></pre> 
  Please show me where Microsoft has made Windows available for ARM processors  The Arch Linux ARM is pretty good but it takes a lot of post install stuff, which is fine but for ARM to go mainstream with normies - the post install should be practically nothing 
 Very well. on, lets hear your damage control. 
Windows NT has had ARM versions for a while now, it's not like it's a secret or something. 
  doesn't count faggot  never seen a manufacturer use it    :^) 
whats wrong with x86? 
  "hurr durr i'm ignorant"  
 Like I said, people weren't interested in Windows on ARM. So to recap, you were WRONG that Windows was needed to make ARM popular and you were WRONG for thinking that Windows on ARM didn't already exist. No need to fight it. 
 ' Windows 10 ARM version '  topkek.   
  
  Those things don't belong together family 
 Nothing. OP is just an ARM shill pretending laptop manufacturers won't make $100-$200 Atom based laptops. The cherry trail Z8500 Atom is only $27. I think $100 chink tablets are already using it. 
Why is Linux so popular? I am no the pc side of things. 
 WTF...popular??? 
   AAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY LMAO TOP KUK MY FRIENDO HELLO WOULD YOU REQUIRE A BEVERAGE AT THIS MOMENT??????? PERHAPS A CUP OF PISS MY FRIEND???!??? HHAHAHAHAHAHA IT SEEMS YOU ARE DRINKING YOUR OWN PISS RIGHT NOW LINUX USER ISNT THAY VERY HUMOROUS??!! NOW YOU SHOULD TREAT YOURSELF TO SOME RICE YOU FUCKING FAGGOT FLACID DICK CUNT :^]]]]] 
Swipe from the left or back button? 
 what? 
Swipe master race 
 Swipe from the left, I hate the back button. Only downside is if it's a gesture in an app for something else 
 Its a simple (but important) question. 
Pie controls from the side  There's no other option 
Sometimes I feel bad for poorfags that swipe from the left and  a hamburger meno pops up. They will never get to feel the apple experience(tm) 
 Gross 
Post your simple/small/stupid questions here, ONCE and WAIT for a reply. You are NOT entitled to an answer.  For GNU/Linux related stuff, try       Redirect anybody asking stupid questions outside this thread. Use  as a link to find this thread. 
first 
 Why did you make another one of these when  
Sup /g/  I have a couple hard disks I want to nuke before recycling them.  Should I use DBAN's default autonuke (3 pass DoD), something lighter or something heavier?  There is nothing absolutely critical on the drives, but still, it's a bunch of personal data I don't want some random dudes to recover... 
  crap  reposted the question here  
 1 run should stop anyone except fbi or nsa from recovering anything useful.   because that thread doesnt show up when you search SQT in the catalog. also it's 18 hours old. 
 1 run on dban 3 pass should be fine. i never give up old hard drives though.   although it would be 100 times easier if you just opened them and broke the platter. 
  cool, thanks. should I fill it with zeros or do random numbers? 
  I'd gladly take a hammer to the disks but I have many of them, and some of them are next to impossible to open because the screws are really tight and my screwdriver is stripping cones into them. Not worth the effort IMHO (but I AM recovering the rare earth magnets from the ones I can open) 
Is EXIF stripped when you upload pics? 
 do you have a grinder?   i think random but i doubt it actually matters.  btw why dont you sell them? 
 no, but a few hosting services do, but dont count on it. 
 If you're recycling them, just microwave them or put a few drill holes through'em.  fuck dban. 
 I mean on here. 
 it doesn't here, but other places like fagbook do. 
 OK, just wondering. I remember people using EXIF to fuck people over a lot more a few years ago, and almost not at all nowadays. 
 No grinder, and opening them would be pretty tedious (see )  The reason I'm getting rid of them is because of SMART tests starting to fail, and me not trusting their reliability as an effect of that.    no thanks 
 if you had a grinder you could just cut it in half without opening them 
 Last big one I recall happening was Marky, but that was almost a year ago,  christmas eve/day iirc.  Otherwise, most people don't know what to do with exif even if they had it. 
I'm using Tor, is it set to default to run as client-only ? Or do I have to change something? Because I don't want to run as a relay 
What sort of microcontroller gives most bang for buck? Raspberry?  Thinking of using it as a webserver/fileserver/mailserver. Possibly just a mailserver if I can find out what's wrong with my current server. 
Using MeteorJS and Ironrouter, what is the best way to run JavaScript when routing? I current use something like this: <pre class="prettyprint">Router.route('/someRoute', function() {     this.render('someTemplate')     runPageFunc('someTemplate') }</pre> Then in client.js, I do something like this: <pre class="prettyprint">runPageFunc = function(page) {    if (page === 'someTemplate') {          //run the code necessary to the template here.    } }</pre>  How bad is this? What is the best way to accomplish this? 
 just check the fucking settings, holy shit. how the fuck did you even manage to get on the internet?   any old scrap really unless you want the low-power of a raspi. 
how to get better font rendering on debian jessie? 
this a good monitor? It's on sale at worst buy 
    
Is there any difference between Malware Bytes and an anti virus?. I've used NOD32 along with Malware Bytes for years however I've been told that with how Malware Bytes is now that it can completely replace an AV. 
What kind of monitor should i get for a Raspberry Pi 2? Can i get just any monitor with HDMI or does it have to be one of those little touch monitors? 
 I'm interested as well. I thought MBAM only ran with manual scans whereas NOD32 (awesome AV, BTW) et al. scan files before you open them (proactively protecting you) 
is there a good free resource for learning C?  I have background in Python and Java, and I want to get down and dirty with some low lvl language 
  there's 2 versions of malwarebytes you can switch from. active and passive. active is like regular antivirus but it's only good if you pay for it.  stick with nod32 and run malwarebytes full scan every other month or so.   MIT free online courses. Codeacademy. 
 the raspi has usb ports so you can use mouse and keyboard.  any screen should work. 
What's my default xinitrc file supposed to look like? 
What's the most important about learning a language? I'm learning Python 2 right now and it's my first language. After that i wanna learn some more? What are the important things that i have to learn when i want to learn a new language after i know how to program? 
 depends on which version of MBAM you're using. generally no, MBAM does not replace traditional AV. 
 ' Good to know, thanks. 
Why is zsh better than bash?  What are some cool things that zsh can do? 
I have some plans for my home server.  I'm thinking of making its dedicated part a fileserver, only accessible over direct IP (which will be the most sensitive part of the server only I will ever need access to). A virtual server (on the same box) will have the web server, with the IP of the server masked by Cloudflare. This way my virtual server is contained (security) and backups (snapshots) will be easy to maintain from the dedicated part of the server (fileserver).  I used to just have it all on one dedicated server. So if there was some 0-day exploit to gain root access through some stupid script or something I would be fucked.  Thoughts? 
What's the best silent mouse? I bought a Nexus, but it's still pretty loud for some reason. 
Tried to root my phone (Note 4, T-Mobile), followed the instructions to a T, and it is now stuck in a reboot-loop. Tried to factory reset it through holding home, power, and vol up, and flashing with ODIN (I couldn't get PDA to add the recovery file, wouldn't show up in the menu). What do I do now? 
 take it back to where you bought it, tell them an over-the-air update fucked up your phone, and pray that you're still under warranty. 
Is it safe to use an Iphone 4s' personal hotspot for extended periods, or would is overheat? 
Could a 750W 80+ Gold PSU handle 2 MSI 390s? 
 Not possible, I'm in Canada (still have T-Mobile service), and the place I got it is an 8 hour drive away. 
 apple magic mouse   check reviews 
 im getting a string from a file that has 2 numbers in the format "###, ###" . how do i take that string and store the 2 numbers as ints? 
Which language(s) should i learn for web developing? 
 rubyrails 
 What a gif.  not on 4chan. Does on facebook and maybe twitter.  hell no  Using active on MB kinda does. Would I only rely on that? Maybe not. Play it safe and run your AV with occasional MB scans 
 I'm wondering what virtualization software I should use though. There's many to choose from listed here: already familiar with VirtualBox, but I don't need any GUI stuff. Maybe I should go for OpenVZ? 
 Rails, mothafucka  Though, Python and its respective frameworks are good too. 
Seems like my HD7850 died and i don't think it can be fixed.  Now i'm looking for a gpu to replace it, which cards would be equivalent to a 7850 or maybe a bit better?   Are these okay? Gigabyte AMD Radeon R7 360 2gb oc Sapphire Radeon Nitro R7 370 4gb 
 Install Infinality.  There's a guide, although the one guide I saw for Debian involved using an Ubuntu PPA... dunno how stable that will be in the long haul, but probably should be fine.   It's not stripped on 4chan like others have said, it does on imgur.  If you have Photoshop, just open it up and crop/resize if necessary and export it, taking care that you change the setting for "Metadata" from "All" to one of the options that don't include EXIF, probably the best option is "None". 
College student in his 20s who doesn't know anything about real world economics here, am I being retarded by buying expensive tech with my part time shekels instead of saving up? 
Fresh install of W8.1  How do I turn off auto-capitalization while typing?  Going to the typing section in PC Settings and the option is missing. 
What's the best 120GB ssd around now? I have an 840 EVO running windoes, but I'm gonna dual boot arch. 
 850 EVO 
 I'll check it out. Thanks. How easy/hard is it to upgrade an SSD with different storage sizes? I might get a 250GB, copy old system to 250GB, and install arch on the 120GB. 
looking to set up a family member with a way to listen to music, problem is they're tech-illiterate. Are any of the free versions of streaming services (spotify, play, etc) any good? I can't be assed to fill their android device with what they like, and they certainly don't know how to use torrent software or anything.  From what I can tell, most of the streaming apps just give you radio playlists on free versions, and you have to pay up to be able to listen directly to the albums you want. 
 '   The cheapest one. 
What are some good tablets around the $200 +- $50 price range?  I have a Nexus 7 2013, is it still the best? 
 Spotify allows you to listen to whatever you want, albums/playlists/individual songs/etc/ but the ads are very annoying.  It's worth it to pay for, I find.   Then again I hate ads, so maybe it would be fine for someone who doesn't mind them. 
 If they're listening on their computer you can put ublock and it won't play ads. 
I got a motherboard a while ago (MSI Gaming 5? Socket 1150, Z97) back when I was an elite gamer. I was planning on putting a 4690k or something like that (4790k?) in it. Whats the best option now? Id like it to be in the $300ish range, and good enough to be snappy, and play some gaymes. Whats the best choice now? 
 4690k is still an excellent option 
Can someone explain if there is a way to use filters on 4chanx to automatically add some threads to the thread watcher? I remember hearing about some people but I have no idea. How would you add threads with the subject "/sqt/" to your thread watcher automatically? 
My BIOS interface has an option to disable UEFI boot, is that enough to install Grub Manager in BIOS mode ? 
 buy things that can double as support for school and work, hold off on excessive things until you're stable. 
This might be a little more complicated than /sqt/ can normally handle, but it feels kind of stupid to me. My parents got a new modem from the cable company which is capable of 100 Mbps, a significant upgrade over their old 25 Mbps speeds. There's a Netgear router hooked up to the modem by means of ethernet cord, and then a Thinkpad T410 is hooked up to the router, also by means of an ethernet cord. Elsewhere in the house, my sister's 2013 MBP, a small HTPC I recently built for them and an old Dell prebuilt are connected via wireless.   Now, here is the weird part. For some reason the T410s can get speeds of 100 Mbps or higher over the ethernet cord, but none of the other computers can achieve anything over 30 Mbps via wireless. Once the T410s is taken off the ethernet, it too is limited to about 30 Mbps. All machines are wireless-N capable and the router says it is broadcasting at 180 Mbps. What the hell am I doing wrong? Why is it being throttled? 
I need to make a google account, but it wont let me without entering a phone number.  Anyone know a good site for temporary sms? I've been trying a bunch but so far most don't seem to work. 
 Your router's probably shit m8. What router do you have? 
What's the most reliable hard drive brand? And I should stick to under 2tb to be safe, right?  Also, I ran badblocks on my WD MyPassport and it had around 9 million bad blocks or so. Can this be fixed or is it dead? I can still pull files from it and they aren't corrupted. 
 WB. I'd go with the 1TB Blue. It's the go to brand. I dont know anything about your block issue, though. I'd probably get a new one. 
 WD blacks have a 5 year warranty, their shtick is being reliable consumer drives. It also depends on what you're going to be using them for, like if you're hammering them 24/7 then you may need to go enterprise. 
 Ugh. install gentoo. 
 I do not remember having this problem on my previous W8.1 install from three hours ago.  Dunno why the spelling options are missing from PC settings 
 Likely going to use it for general storage, having all my data on it. So maybe a couple files a day, I rarely run games from it.  Consumer grade would work fine.  Why black over blue like the other anon suggested? 
 Blacks are more reliable, Blues are faster. 
 Blue anon here. Blue is for general use, while black is a 'pro edition'. They also have red, green, purple, etc for long term storage, eco friendly, and constant access (video monitoring). Google it. 
 It's a Netgear WNDR3700. I've checked online and the thing seems half-decent, in theory it should be capable of 600 Mbps. I'm completely fucking bewildered since it's basically operating at 5% of that.  I don't know too much about the setup, I haven't lived at home since graduating university 2 years ago. But I'm pretty sure all they've done is swapped out the old WRT54G with this Netgear thing, and then swapped out the old cable modem with a new one. 
 Try hooking the other devices up via ethernet. Maybe they have bad wireless cards? If not, it could be some kind of communication issue with your router  modem. 
Is there a way to have guests at a party add songs to a synchtube list without registering? Basically, what I plan on having is:    Ever since plug.dj died, life has sucked. Is there a way to do this? Or, a website other than synchtube to accomplish this? 
 All the machines have bad wireless cards? I doubt that. Besides, my laptop's wireless card works fine, I know that for a fact, and even IT slows right down on this network. If there was some sort of communication issue, I would imagine the T410s would be affected over ethernet, but it isn't. Stranger still, it seems only download speeds are affected all computers can achieve 15 Mbps up speed.   
 Check the wifi channel that it uses. Perhaps there's an interfering network nearby. Usually channels 1, 6, and 11 are used. 
  Looking at 3tb blacks, they seem to have many bad reviews.  Any thoughts on greens? I'm looking at a 3tb green with almost all perfect reviews. 
 Greens run at 5400RPM and are pretty slow. Do not reccomend. Get a blue. (or a fucking ssd) 
What piece of technology should I get my mom who is pretty much tech dumb. All she does is watch youtube videos on her phone. Chromcast? 
 Tablet 
Any trustworthy programs that will detect all possible drives that could need updating? 
 Like firmware updates for your HDD/SSD? or did you mean drivers? Use whatever came with your drive. (840 EVO, I use samsung magician) 
 960 or 970, worth the extra $100 ? I missed black friday/ cyber monday fuuuuuuark. Best bang for buck sorta future proof card. Recommend some /g/ 
 *drivers. 
 get her an iPad. the portability and simplicity she'll want, with the stupid-proofing that you want. 
 i'm switching my current mobo to a micro atx for better space, by switching the mobo will i have to install windows again? if so where could i get windows 7 loader for free? 
 black friday/cyber monday is overrated. also ' 
 but you're in the wrong thread. 
 its the "stupid questions" thread. 
 What does Samsung magician do for you anyway? Recently got myself a 850 evo, but I've never touched the CD, I just thought it was cloning software or something. 
 if you mean drivers, then drp.su  it's free and also gpl so /g/ can't really bitch about it but watch someone go ahesd and greentext .ru 
  nah  see   read as "do your own fucking research" 
Got a redirect link to download flash. Of course I didn't, because I knew it was bogus and     but am I still at risk just for having visited the site? I'm running an Mbam scan right now and so far it hasn't picked up anything but I haven't gotten popups like that in a while so I'm kind of out of the loop on malicious programs.   Thanks. 
Is there any way to adjust manually my laptop's brightness? It goes at max brightness and almost minimum every 10 sec.  It's like fading , not instantly. Only used windows 8.1 with all of the updates and adjusting brightness via windows or by laptop's hotkeys doesnt work efficiently. Brightness is ok at bios. Gpu drivers also ok. Any hints? 
Been transferring around 60GB, transfer speeds started at around 18MB/s but for some reason they're now at 11KB/s I just want to go to sleep, it's almost 3am and I have to be up soon. Can I speed this up somehow 
 on what devices with what kind of connection? your question is super vague. 
Building a light desktop for my brother, mainly for email, Netflix, Word, etc. If I want it to be useful for him for the next few years, is the i5-4460 worth the extra 60 dollars over the i3-4170? He doesn't game or anything, so I'm planning to run it off the integrated grafics. Here's the current build:  
I'm going to get a new hard drive and move all the stuff I want to that one and whipe the old one so can I just put in both hard drives and copy/paste what I want to keep? I have my OS on a ssd 
 switching mobos 90% of times require a new windows install. as to where to get winloader? google. 
 Sorry anon I'm tired It's just off a laptop on to my new Micro SD card which I've put in using the provided card reader. It's an offline transfer, not through the cloud or something.as I might've implied 
 why can't you just go to sleep and let the transfer do it's thang and wake up to a finished job 
 Don't want to wake up to an error message or something Might do that though, yeah but I've never really been in the habit of leaving devices on overnight. Could it damage the laptops battery to keep it on charge? It's already gone to shit anyway and barely lasts an hour 
 I just got done deleting some programs on a friends laptop and when we went to restart the computer, the keyboard and mouse have stopped working. What went wrong? I know for a fact i didn't delete anything related to the two of them. Also if it is possible, what would the name of the program be called? 
 just a generic link.  Short answer depends on budget. i3 is absolutely fine for low end tasks, especially if it's haswell. 
What is the god-tier order of learning programming languages? I want to focus on websites I don't care about software or operating systems. 
 Whoops, here it is.  I am trying to keep costs down, as I am doing a full build--computer, monitor, kbm, speakers, etc.  
 pls 
    other than that, everything looks fine, except that absolute garbage network adapter. Is ethernet too much of a problem for this build?   "Up to 150Mbps Wireless Data Rates" Meaning probably a lot less for average use. 
 It was one of the top rated adapters on Amazon. I just want to give him the option to place it anywhere in his house without having to worry about cables. I chose the 250GB SSD because he honestly doesn't do that much, storage wise. He's been using an ASUS Transformer, and it's really quite a piece of shit. I suppose I could toss in a 500GB HDD. Is the 4460 really worth an extra 60 bucks when talking about longevity? 
there a reason QBittorrent 3.1.8 in particular isn't allowed here anymore? Bakabt torrents were working fine up until now and I've been on this version for a while, and it seems weird to me that nearly every version before and after it is still on there. I know I can just update to a newer version and fix this, but I was curious. 
 Most of those reviews are from Rapserri Pi owners, so it makes sense for them. People were also complaining that a negative feature of that adapter is extremely short range, so that eliminates using it from across a house.   4460 is a good cpu even for gaming so yes it's quality. that said its hard to kill a cpu doing normal tasks, especially light browsing / video playback / word processing. Up to you. 
Which programming language should I learn 
 Right, thanks m80. 
I can't figure out how to actually join a IRC channel. I've never used IRC before today. Got Limechat and Textual and can't for the life of me connect to any fucking channels. What the fuck am I doing wrong?  For example     Nothing. Just me, myself, and Irene in a fucking chat all alone. 
Can someone explain to me the Linux grpahics stack, and how things like Mesa, Vulkan, openGL, AMDGPU and all this other shit plays into it?  I could barely make sense of it before all this new steamOS era shit started happening. 
 where did you get those channel names from? 
 /join #whatthefuckeverchannel 
I want to learn programing to make money and phone applications. (The two aren't related, I just need money and think phone application development would be a cool little hobby.)  What should be my first languages to learn? 
 iOS: Swift Android: Java 
 Understand the concepts of coding first. Git gud at algebra too. 
  class="quote">t-the installgentoo wiki 
<pre class="prettyprint">if (!extension().compare(".obj"))</pre>  While I know anyone reading this will understand exactly what this does, I'm a bit of a freak when it comes expressive code. I'm just stuck with this aren't I _ 
 I think I'd prefer to make for android seeing as how I never really use any apple products.  Some of my friends notice that I'm good with computers, by their standards anyway, and start going on and on about how it would be awesome to make an app and they all use apple products, so maybe I'll learn swift one day too.  How do people release identical apps on each system? Do they just remake the whole game with all the same values just in a different language?    Concepts? Sorry, what do you mean?   Fug, I was always shit at math. How complex is it? Is my hope dead because I'm a moron? 
   
  Sometimes. There are a lot of cross-platform frameworks nowadays, though. 
Any store that asks you to open packs, then takes away the contents from you, is ruining the pack opening experience. You might as well just find some people to play cube draft with op.    Somebody makes giant brick of cards to choose from, you sleeve them up and shuffle them up, then draft "packs" from the top until you have 15 cards each and then proceed as normal during a draft.   pauper cube (commons only).   an switch up the cube however you like.   If you have any other irl friends that play magic, or know anybody at the lgs that's willing to try it, it's quite fun. 
 nigga u lost? 
 It gives you some useless stats, but it's the only way to update the firmware. I'd download it, run the firmware update, and uninstall it if I were you.   Learn HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, and some other server side stuff. Start with HTML. codecademy.com is your friend.   Python. Then move on to C++ or java if you like programming. 
 Yes. /tg/ and /g/ look very similar in browser tabs when you aren't paying attention. fuck me. 
 On irssi:      /connect irc.freenode.net     /join #linux  For freenode you have to be registered. I forget how to register, but you 'sign in' via     /msg NickServ identify password 
Just built a new computer and installed Windows 10. Everything seems to work except the ethernet. It takes a few minutes to "identify" the network then just gives up and says "Unidentified Network" and the internet is unusable. The same router works on my computer in a different port and cable. What gives? 
 open command prompt    what happens 
Building a new PC. Will my old HDD with Windows and all my shit work or do I simply need to get a new one. I know that getting a new one is better due to failure rates and whatnot, just asking if it will work. 
 Windows will crash during boot because no drivers. 
 Works fine. Pinging 8.8.8.8 results in "General Failure" for all packets. 
 netstat? ping default gateway?  Could be a driver issue. I have encountered ethernet drivers not automatically working with new windows installs. 
 scratch that, just went there again after a long time and the full version is no longer free 
 I'll try installing the latest drivers. Unfortunately Gigabyte's American and European servers 404 so I have to download from Asia. Hopefully that will fix it. The disc that came with was outdated as fuck. 
Is there a good music player/itunes replacement that has a similar layout? Column of the artists, the albums of the currently selected artist, etc. I dont like the players that only have a big list of all the songs. 
   what do 
 stop being a nigger and learn how to format an usb 
 Stop being a nigger. And look for other partitions. 
Does anyone have a key code for windows 10? My computer got corrupted and the Internet drivers won't work correctly so I now need to download windows 10 to get back on the Internet with my laptop 
How can I add a tab after a bullet point? If you're on the line with the bullet, pressing tab simply increases the indent level of the bullet. I want to just insert the whitespace character so as to align values, you know? Like  - Something here [tab]   text - stuff [tab][tab]             moretext  And then 'text' and 'moretext' will be aligned 
    accidentally" left in computer lab  enjoy m8 
so looking on predb I can see Microsoft.Visual.Studio.Enterprise. 2015.with.Update1.ISO-TBE but I can't find it on a public tracker. Why isn't something this popular out yet? 
 Sure, buy it from Microsoft. 
  
 RMprepUSB  Always 
Should I update every time there's a new update for my GPU? Every now and then I hear stories of something something doesn't work and shouldn't update. My GPU isn't new, like 2013 old. 
 Is everything working fine? If yes I'll say don't bother. 
When my gpu goes up to ~80oC I get "drivers stopped working" error. What gives? It didn't throttle, just threw that error at me. The card is a used r9 280x windforce.  Also should I get better exhaust fans so that they can pull hot air out faster? The 2 top fans are pretty shitty and the back one came along with my case. Pic related. Fuck that red sata cable. 
is there a software that allows me to stream to a few friends with low delay (~1 sec), good quality, and game sound? i've tried teamviewer, but audio doesnt work with skype. 
 i updated yesterday and my gpu died today  don't 
 I'm not sure about the use for gaming, but we use free screen sharing software for work called join.me that might fit your needs. 
 I think you have bigger problems than driver faults if your GPU is racheting up to 800 degrees. 
 thanks for the suggestion, i will give it a shot, but screen sharing software we have tried results in echoing voices when we try to include game audio 
 Have you tried google plus? 
 yes, it does not stream game audio, unfortunately 
    I cleared the disk then reformatted. it had 28gb unallocated but it's fine now  thanks 
 It's 80 degree Celsius. 
    why is there even cpu? like oh my shit its a 8 core 4ghz and everyone be like wow that awesome while oh my shit 1250mhz gpu OH SHIT NIGGA HOW???? why not just substitute cpu with another gpu? 
Anyone know of a faster alternative to cURL for running exhaustive search on a website? 
I need more storage, I've got 250gb SSD. Found out I can buy the same SSD on amazon for under 80 bucks, should I get it and put it in raid 0 configuration or are there better options? 
 GPU is a very poor CPU   wget can follow links if you whisper to it just so    ssd in raid is unusual 
  Can it also submit form data? That's really the gist of what I'm doing... 
 but why? both gpu and cpu is for calculating right? if the gpu's architecture can be this strong with 1 core and a low fq while a 8 core cpu suffers to keep up why dont people change it? 
i have a python notebook where they do x.dot(a) all the time but when i try to do it in other files i always get 'list' object has no attribute 'dot' why? 
 Anon, what would you say if I told you that there are hybrid CPU/GPUs on the market? 
 i know there are APU-s ... 
  But the GPU is not 1 core. It is hundreds of tiny cores, specialized for a small set of operations.   HSA will come when AMD climbs out of the gutter.    it probably can't do that, sorry. 
 Because GPUs suck at anything that has many branches you imbecile. 
I'm trying to remember the name of a browser mentioned here a little while ago. It had something to do with oranges and I believe the name was a play on the word "Citrus". Any help would be appreciated. 
 Google: citrus related web browser First result: Citrio 
Anyone know how to open .DAT files on W7? I've got some files and I think they're videos (VLC seems to generate runtimes for them, but has issues playing them). Word processors have their typical garbled mess, even with correct settings 
i seem to be missing network adapters for my laptop, and i'm lost on where to get them. i tried googling this already and nothing worked. 
 Thank you. 
I wanted to set up a mail server at home, but I just realised my ISP blocks port 25. Is there any way to get around this that doesn't involve killing myself or installing gentoo? 
' 
 People are saying it's not stripped on 4chan. This is false. It has been for quite some while now. It was indeed the case that it was not stripped, but it is now. 
So, i really *really* badly need an IP subnet mask calculator where you can freely enter the desired amount of hosts in the network and which then shows you the whole calculation/equation process explained in as much detail as possible afterwards black on white - NOT just the blank result itself without any explanation whatsoever to go with it.  Does something like this even exist? If so, where? 
How do you keep subs when you crop MKVs to MP4/WEBM ? 
 I'm assembling a parts list for a gaymen computer for one of my friends and I'm trying to figure out how badly, if at all an i5-4690k would bottle neck a GTX 980 / 980 ti. 
Is the Nexus 6P worth it?   Currently have the 6 and I love how the 6P looks but I keep hearing stories of bending and random cracking. I know they RMA it but I don't want to have to do it every month. 
 I found something earlier but you can't freely chose the exact amount of hosts with that particular one and the explanation of the result itself isn't as detailed/sound as i want it to be  Just about any kind of calculator with an in-built result explanation will do really, or at least one that presents the result in a way that makes it kinda look like you could've actually calculated it for yourself or something 
 i'm not sure if mp4 supports subtitles, though can always leave them as a seperate file (if the situation allows it), or burn them in (that is, make the text a permanent part of the video itself)  webm supports webvtt format subtitles (you can burn them in as well, i'm not sure if 4chan accepts webms with webvtt subs) 
   thanks for the advice 
Anyone have a working guide to set up openstack on metal? The current release is broken. 
Alright.  1) I have a rooted Samsung Galaxy S 10.5 and want to change the home button behavior to open my app drawer with a long press. The only app that use to be able to do this was Home2 shortcut but it doesn't work on android versions higher than 4.4.x  Is there a working way to rebind shortcuts to apps or other things? Specifically interested in double-tap home and long-press home remapping.  2) I am reinstalling windows 7 on my desktop, do I still have to manually install AHCI drivers if my bios is set to ahci mode?   3) is it worth it to pirate windows 10 yet or is 7 still king? 
 Go with kvm or if your web project is simple enough docker container. 
Will this work [spoiler ]@echo off  :W if %time%==04:58:00.00 goto :X goto :W  :X shutdown.exe /s /f /t 60 /c "Shutting down, 5 AM" 
 probably not 
Is discord part of the botnet? Looking for a replacement for skype 
 Home button maps are supported by xposed framework. Or a better rom.  Only if you have an unsupported board.  If you have a good win 7 pirate you might be able to get a free copy of w10 just by downloading the updates. 
Trying to mount an iso I might not have in proper shape. download, install isodisk, it tells me I need to reboot before using the program to mount an iso. Reboot, try to mount iso, it tells me I need to reboot before using the program to mount an iso. Reboot, try to mount iso, it tells me...  What do to fix, or what iso software instead? 
Do people still use DAEMON tools lite or are there better virtual imaging for ISO installs?   win7 
 mount  sucks for you. 
 ...is windows 10 worth it or are you a linux zealot?  pirated of course. 
Windows 7 64bit pro iso download anyone please?  If it has all the updates preinstalled too thats a bonus. Thanks in advance 
 Having just had to install it it installs a bit of random adware (your pc isn't protected, quick, activate now) and tries to install some video client but you can decline that. It appears to function, and be free. 
does anyone have some sofware that will allow me to select a bunc hof locations from multiple drives to backup manually?  I want to pull from my documents, game saves, etc etc every 3 months and have incremental backups of them. I don't want to manually do this because there are a shit ton of locations. 
 rsync script, feed it directory pairs from a listing 
Can someone give me an idiot's definition of what exactly a terminal is?  I'm having a hard time understanding 
 Could you give some context as to what file you're trying to open?  .dat is a generic, arbitrary extension, almost equivalent to no extension (usually found on Unix/Linux) 
  It's like a primitive VNC console.  A thin client allowing you to run software on a powerful mainframe.  These days, the Web and SaaS/Cloud services are in many ways the modern incarnation of the thin client dream. 
 It's basically a weak computer that can't do anything by itself except connect to a different computer with more power and resources. 
 Back in the days when powerful computer were fuck-huge, you would have small dumb clients connecting to the big ass computer that was hidden away. Those were called terminals. 
 any GUI retard friendly programs for windows babies? 
How the hell do I find out what piece of hardware is failing on me? I think a piece of hardware in my PC burned out, after the computer turned off a couple of times when playing a new game, and after I downloaded a temp monitoring system, the temps got fairly, on most of the parts.  Ever since then, my PC has been freezing, and I have to force shutdown every time, and it's happening all the time, with no rhyme or reason. Sometimes it runs for hours, sometimes it doesn't. Last night, it froze immediately after startup.  Pic related, it's what my reliability report looks like. Bear in mind it's missing the one that happened 10 minutes ago, after half an hour runtime. 
       Winkeks WILL defend this  <pre class="prettyprint">sudo apt-get install mdf2iso mdf2iso mount</pre> 
how do i connect these? just use the cords that come with it for my computer? 
 call my when linux is a seemless experience for the end-user that isn't a /g/eekstink. 
 A long time ago, computers were these massive, hulking beasts of complex and expensive parts with not even an eighth the power of your phone.  They filled up a whole room, and thus couldn't be placed just anywhere.  The solution to this was to have little places to interact with the computer, called terminals. Terminals accessed the big computer, known as a mainframe.  The terminal merely displays information from the mainframe. The terminal/mainframe idea died out as personal computers became popular.  SSH and Telnet are the closest surviving examples of terminals. These protocols allow you to interact with a remote computer through a command-line interface, like the ones used with mainframes.  To understand the modern terminal used by Unix/Linux, it helps to remember that Graphical User Interfaces (you know, where you point and click with a mouse) are just programs that run on top of the terminal. The terminal is really the heart of input-output on these systems. 
    If you can't install an Ubuntu-based distribution than your parents shouldn't have been allowed to reproduce.  If you fell for the Arch meme then they also fucked up by raising a kid that cares more about impressing internet strangers over practicality. 
 Almost certainly. Most small desktop speaker systems connect via 3.5mm audio jack to your computer. The female jack connection on your computer will be green, if it has a color at all. 
What's a good software that will keep track of my audiobook listening? I'm running both Windows and Linux, so whatever is the best. 
 keeek 
 Well it's happened twice since then. Which makes it 3 times within half an hour, and I can't even recreate the problem, as even when it turned off 2 minutes after startup, I did everything exactly the same and it didn't freeze. 
   ' Seems like you caught yourself there mate. 
 To isolate the part, try the following:  Do a graphics rendering test. Search logs for what is failing. Attempt to run a LiveCD of another operating system on your computer.  If the graphics rendering test fails repeatedly, it is your graphics card. Logs may indicate the first thing to break. It could be bad ram allocation, HDD error, or an OS-related error. Running a LiveCD will eliminate the possibility of it being your HDD or OS. Finally, you're not getting any unusual temperatures, are you?  Best of luck. 
 thanks anon i appreciate it 
 Not sure on Discord, but I believe the current /g/ standard is Tox as a Skype alternative. 
    Interesting, thanks 
 Is the graphics rendering test a stress test? If so, I've ran them before with no problems. I didn't run it for long though, only 10 minutes. Should I leave it until it automatically stops? I've also ran a memory test, but that came back all aces.  At the moment, none of the temps are higher than nominal.  I'll try the LiveCD. Is there any specific one I should try? 
The following answers should be correct. Why is it getting dropped ? Shouldn't it be unicast  flood ? 
 If your stress test includes some sort of graphics testing method and isn't purely CPU testing, then that's fine.  Most Linux distros work well for LiveCD. Ubuntu and Linux Mint are known for working well out the box, try using their GUI's as well as just idling in a black terminal (activated in Ubuntu through one of the F1-F12 keys). 
 ' flood ?  Given the state of the CAM table, yes. 
 and under what logic should the frame be dropped ? 
My K53sc laptop temps are ridiculously high even when idling. I took it apart and cleaned it recently and it seemed to be alright, but now its gone to exceeding 90°C. Should I reseat the CPU/GPU with some fresh TP? 
   free gif maker windows NO VIRUS"   botnet lite" setting during install how to remove SMM malware"   
   Unless I'm missing something, the question says only to consider the source and destination addresses as well as the CAM table. If that port is on it's own vlan (the only port on that vlan) it would be dropped as the switch doesn't flood to the source port. 
 It shouldn't, default behavior is to flood all ports when the destination is unreachable. I can't think of a case where it would drop as part of intended operation. 
 No VLANs here.    Thanks both of you, I will try to report the error somehow. 
 Don't trust  it's bullshit. You need an amplifier, which usually connects with this cable to your computer and any speaker wires to connect speakers to the amplifier. 
My dad's old pc running windows xp doesn't shut down.  It goes to the 'Windows is shutting down' screen and stops there while the cpu fan remains spinning and the hdd spins down.  I tried shutting down from safe mode too and it didn't work. Any ideas on what to do? 
 Try the power button 
Hello /g/   I'm just want ask a quick question on monitors. What are some recommend  around $150-$250 Au? Pretty much good enough for 1080p gaming/normal use  with my 380.      thanks 
what would cause some games to suddenly become unplayable (too few fps)?  what changed:    i'm still running windows from my original hard drive. temperatures now (61 max gpu, 54 max cpu) are better than they were before 
Im looking at buying a laptop and the model ive seen that ive liked the most so far is available with an i5 or i7. The price difference is about 100€.   Is the difference worth the price? 
 If you have to ask, probably not. 
Such a good question, left unanswered: class="quote"> What is a good alternative to the Raspberry Pi without GPU?    
 maybe a lack of wattage. what is your psu wattage and are you still using the older drive? if you are using a prebuilt this might be a problem since they would spend the least they can to get a machine up and nothing more 
 from your post i assume some fag actually said that. i really hate yahoo answers and its userbase. not so much the people asking questions, but those 'answering' them. it goes like this  '     I MAD 
Is there a site where I can search computer cases based on features/number of drive bays etc? I've been looking to build a computer and I'm pretty tired of searching for what fits in what.  No I don't want light up aliens, I wanna be able to put my stuff in there.  I ordered an Antec one which seemed good at the time when I was thinking of getting a GTX 970 but everywhere I go people are saying that the R9 390 is better and it won't fit in the damn thing.  I'm so tired of dealing with this. 
 it's an evga 600b, self-assembled. I forgot to mention that the new case has 5 fans compared to 1 from the last one. yes, I'm still using the old drive. I haven't done anything but put windows on the ssd yet 
  forgot pic 
 newegg, pcpartpicker 
What's the best graphics card in the region of $200-$300 USD? 
 I use shadowprotect. during install, just deselect the backup agent and it won't do the trial mode mount.exe in the program files is very flexible, mounts iso files to folders or drive letters, and can create ramdisks that write out to buffer files on dismount. 
Getting ARP attacked on my local network. What can I do about it other than resetting the router? 
Are there dwb like blink based web browsers or do the webkit ones use code from chromium? 
How do I download images without compression? 
I need to build a workstation. Considering the C612 boards, but they're bloody hard to find.  I'm considering Asrock X99 boards with an E5 1620v3 Xeon.  1. Does Asrock's X99 boards use UEFI? 2. If it's BIOS, does it support VT-d? 
 Right click, save image as. 
 What do you mean by this? You want to download the "raw" version of a jpeg image? 
  But I heard that you lose quality when you save images , is this true or am I a retard? 
 the latter. 
 Yes and no Downloading an image doesn't recompress it, but if you open the image in an editor and save it again as a lossy format like jpg it will lose quality. 
I've got a local folder backed up to OneDrive, but now I've just done a factory reset so obviously the OneDrive settings are gone. I'm on Windows 8.1, is it possible to have OneDrive locate this folder and continue functioning as normal or will I have to download all my files that I've already got stored in order for it to begin syncing again  I've honestly no idea where to look for answers 
How to make dwb jump more lines when scrolling with mouse wheel? 
So I'm going to study CS next year and I'm trying to pick a school. What do you think is best to learn the most?  A bachlors degree is 180points. School 1:  90p computer stuff, 22,5p maths/applied maths and 67,5p pick w/e you want.  School 2: 105p computer stuff, 40p maths, 5p law, 15p pick w/e and 15p exam work.  School 2 has the highest entry salary in the country for CS. But it's a socialist shithole so everyone makes about the same. It's just a few 100bucks more then what I made as a factory worker. 
  Last time I checked, they didn't have anything on C 
Someone on my microsoft account attempted to log in but was stopped when they couldn't answer the security question, the ip was the same as mine, I live alone and do not use Wifi. Should I be concerned and is it possible that when it's from when I used a different VPN than normal? 
 THERE'S A SOMEONE IN YOUR HOUSE ANON GET OUT 
 When in doubt change your passwords If paranoid, dban and reinstall OS to ensure you're not keylogged 
Is there any good book on parser creation which does not feature examples in fucking OCAML? 
 It's not that, they didn't have my password, I think they tried to recover it but failed, I'm more concerned about the fact Microsoft said it was from my IP 
 I have a Core 2 Quad Q9550, it seems that it exists another version of that cpu, the Q9550S that consume less power and the benchmark say they are basically the same.  Now, how is that possible? Q9550 -- 95 Watt Q9550S -- 65 Watt 
 they were released one year apart, technology got better. 
I want to start to learn coding.  What language should I start with? I was thinking Java because it is the most popularly used one. I have no background in coding whatsoever. I did some of it back in 10th grade, and I'm 18 now. Is it an okay age to start learning or am I too late?  Also, I heard there were some apps you could use to learn coding on an iPhone. Could anybody recommend me some of these?  Thanks. 
 kr C 
 CodeAcademy do the python course you learn hardly anything, but you got kind of an indication whether or not coding is really for you. 
   I couldn't find either app on the AppStore. 
 kr is a book, you dumb millenial 
best cloning software for winblows? need to clone current operating system to ssd for my roommate 
Is there a way to send money instantly internationally (UK - US) without cryptocurrency or PayPal? 
 Oh yeah, I just googled it. Thanks, but I need an iOS app I can use to learn as well as make scripts. 
 whats some good file recovery program for flash cards? 
 Why the fuck do you need an app? You can read websites and PDFs on your iphone, can't you? 
 Wire transfer 
  
 It's the best you're gonna get 
  Won't it be a problem differentiating the machines on the same IP, or will that be resolved automatically through which ports are open on which machine? So, to connect to the one machine through ssh you use the standard port while another port for the other? 
 A few days? Surely there gotta be something better it's almost 2016 ffs 
 Which SSD ? If it's a Samsung, Samsung's software works quite well. Otherwise, Clonezilla does the job. 
 That's what PayPal is for 
 If they're spinny disks, you can also run shred against the raw device. 
 Yeah but the receiver is 17 and got their account blocked by PayPal for being underage 
 yeah, decided to use clonezilla, cheers 
Need some advice. I'm thinking about selling my gaymen PC.  Specs: 4770k 16 GB ram Msi 980 ti Asus Maximus GENE VI  Samsung 830 and 840 250gb ssds PG278Q Monitor.  Prodigy M case  Should I do 70% of the price if the components were new or what? 
 70% sounds about right, but remember it's 70% of the current prices of same/equivalent hardware, not 70% of what you paid when you bought the stuff. 
 Yeah I know but thanks. I'm still not sure whether I should actually sell it though. Been gaming my entire life but lately it's just been boring and I think selling it would force me to get new hobbies. 
TLDR: built new system, bought windows 10 retail product key (not system builder).  Mobo died.  Getting replacement today.  Do I have to call microsoft up to activate the system since I changed the motherboard?  I don't quite understand the answer I got from microsoft. 
 yes, probably. 
 Fucking curryniggers 
 The answer from microsoft was 'yes you'll have to call us up again' The new Mobo will cause windows to think you're pirating it. 
    Thanks.  I figured that was what I had to do, but didn't want to assume. 
If I'm not going to overclock a CPU, do I need a K branded intel CPU? 
How easy is to send and receive BTC with Circle for someone who doesn't know anything about BTC? Anyone's done it through Circle? Care to outline the steps please? 
 Yes. You also need a Z or X series motherboard. 
 nope. 
webm video controls are gone, how fix 
 Yes totally. Thats how you do it. 
 And I can tell you're not being serious 
Can youtube-dl be used to download audio files? And I don't mean downloading a video file and converting it, but downloading a song from a music streaming site. 
 he probably just missed the not. 
 if it supports that site, yes. 
I want to study sound programming without using any libraries, I want to understand the low level. Where do I start? 
  So I did. Oopsie.   Disregard , listen to this guy:  
  Do I have to input specific parameters? I assume by default youtube-dl only looks for video files. 
 check with -F and pick the file format you want. for youtube you could use -f bestaudio if there's an audio only stream available. 
  Thanks. 
How do I hack?  ^) 
 Install Kali Linux. 
  
I've accidentally spilled some super glue over my monitor (U2515h Dell).   Any way to remove it without fucking my screen up? I've heard acetone is a sure way to get rid of the substance (cyanoacrilyte), but I've also seen people saying it will eat through your screen.   I tried it with some olive oil, but no success. 
Will it be painful to run windows from an external USB2.0 harddisk?  I want to do some semi-light gaming. Minecraft and KSP. 
  Yes. Very. 
Is there a torrent out there that absolutely cannot seed / where I can deactivate seeding 100%? All the ones I tried so far continued seeding even after I disabled it. Please don't judge me, I'm German so seeding is what gets me into real fucking deep trouble. 
 I don't think it matters anymore if you not upload. download counts aswell. 
 HELP HELP HELP 
 As far as I know downloading can get you punished for the 1 item you downloaded, whereas seeding will get you for the 1 item and 1 more time for every person you seeded to. Also the item I'm looking to downloaded has already been paid for by me, I just want it without the bloat, so I should be fine even if I get caught as long as I don't seed. 
is picture related a meme? 
 /reddit/ You reddit fags are worse than gaia fags. 
 i have fiio e12. got it as a gift. it definitely turns up tha POWA on my beyerdynamics headphones. (volume) so, no, it definitely does drive whatever monitors you plug into it. stop being a doubtful paranoid fuck you couldnt even grasp what it takes to assemble a piece of equipment like this have some goddamn respect 
 It got git rid of the annoying hiss I had with my laptop onboard sound. Wort it. USB soundcards up to $30 didn't do shit. I'm satisfied. 
 - git  I'm tired. 
 FiiO is generally good value.  It's not snakeoil. External DACs upto certain (retarded) pricepoints are never snakeoil. Any good amplifier with digital input will do fine too (even with a shitty realtek card, it bypasses the shitty opamps anyway). 
when can i own one of these bad boys? my dick is hard just thinking about it. 
does anyone even know what this is, i haven't actually seen anyone discuss it let alone mention it 
Next year isn't it? I'd love one too. 
 yeah, Wikipedia says 2016 so pretty soon 
 This is so cool Fuck the rear-camera, 12000 mAh battery here it comes 
 a smartphone that outlasts a nokia brick in battery life.   were actually going to love yo see it 
    I'd rather see a range of varied cellphones than a customizable one. We need variety more than we need customizability. 
  
 O ho ss 
 Customizability comes with a cost, and that cost tends to exceed that of making compromises. 
 if you make a poor build its nobodies fault but yours 
 ara~ara? 
  Sure mane we really should care about people who want hexagonal form factors. 
 Yes, 2016 is gonna be the year. I just hope they don't have dated hardware upon release. 
 Stop thinking for yourself. You don't belong amongst the drones of /g/. 
 i think they want other companies to make their own modules so if some are outdated it will be the fault of whoever is making it 
 You can carry battery modules, it'll be pretty neat. I think I'll skip the camera too for an extra battery module.  Can't fucking wait, is mediatek going to contribute? I want cheap parts, qualcomm is shit 
 Fuck yeah! 
How many battery modules will I be able to fit in one device? I don't fucking care about size or weight I want ALL the fucking batteries. 
 why 
 Does it come with an ara ara? 
 As much as it bothers me deep down, smart phones and tablets are the (immediate) future. This is the first step they are taking away from being an entirely casual experience and it means that "gaming tablet" will finally be a thing and there's a good chance at the iphone form factor being discarded for function. We might actually get a portable worth it's weight in shit. 
  ...what? What is a "casual experience"? What is a non-"casual experience"? Swapping out modules on your phone will be such a thrilling experience for you because it's not "casual"? I really don't understand what you're trying to get at. gaming tablet" will finally be a thing What the fuck would a "gaming tablet" be? There is already tablets, there is already tablet games, how would a modular device change anything? It's not like tablet games need a lot of performance. '' For what function? What form factor would you like to see instead? 
 What about squares? What about devices designed to hold in your hand? 
 ara ara~ 
 Do they run android? If not fuck that. 
 It's googles project Ara.   Would be far more interesting if they gave you a choice in OS. 
 too bad that no other mobile OS is competitive in plugplay managing parts 
 As much as I want Project Ara to succeed since no other phone on the market is worth the upgrade from my Nexus 5 I can't help but think it will be doomed just like Google Glass.   Other problem is that it will be for a very very niche market, normies won't ditch their iPhones or HTCs for this because they want a phone that works out the box, no messing around with different modules, only /g/entoomen will go for it. 
 
Can anyone point me in the direction for an ISO that has all the copies of Windows 7 both 32 and 64 bit that are untouched meaning no pre activation or forever activated I just need a clean iso of all the versions of Windows 7 
ARE THOSE CHIKIN TENDEEEEEEEES 
 Kat.cr 
 I did find some there but I wanted to see I'd there were any direct links that are not .exe 
will most likely have to sign up to view the download links but they're legit ISOs and not dead. 
You can look up the MD5s on MSDN and Google them 
 winfuture.de I don't know if they got the english ones though. 
 There ins't an official AIO iso anon. You need to download the 32bit and 64bit version separately, check their MD5 and then use dism/imagex to import the image editions from one iso to the other. Its not hard 
I last refreshed my thermal paste in 2013, am I still safe or should I refresh it again? 
 
I change my paste every 3000 gigahertz 
 this desu senpai 
I just piss on it when my PC lags. 
   CPU is probably fried at this point desu. Check your datarun registry. Probably full of code 933 errors. 
 I refresh it about every two weeks. 
My pre built gaming computer made too much noise so I took the fans out, what is this "thermal paste" does it help cool the CPU? Can I use that instead of fans? 
  You're fine 
 this desu 
Technically it depends on what Thermal Paste you used, but pretty much you're fine.   Each different paste has it's own recommended use time. I use exclusively Arctic MX-4 which is listed as having 8-year protection. 
 if you don't reapply thermal paste every one and a half years, you run the risk of frying your cpu every time you perform a cpu intensive task, such as booting up your computer. This is why lots of people on /g/ prefer to leave their computers on overnight desu 
 I do mine every day, or sometimes I'll let it go two if something urgent prevents me from doing it. I don't want to think what would happen if i left it longer. 
 It's all evaporated by now. 
I honestly think at this point youd better leave it The paste is probably so burned and fried by now it would break the CPU lining if you removed the heatsink 
 you should measure your CPU's temp, and if it's high, it's worth a try to refresh the thermal paste. Of course, this depends on the CPU cooler too, so.. 
 that's not intensive on the cpu, that's taxing on anything mechanical.    you can be fine... its all about your temps.  i have a cpu paste on mine from about 5-6 years ago, and i dont want to change it now because its been to long, i dont want to risk damaging the system and need to get a new cpu now when a shift in cpus could be around the corner. 
 is this some sort of new ebin meme? 
 kek'd 
 yes, sadly.  We've been having these threads daily :-P 
bought an used 7970, which is about 3-4 years old, it arrived dead, fan still spinning, took the heatsink off, the paste was rock solid, and a micro explosion has been on the die, i can see a hole in the silicon with a magnifying glass after soaking and cleaning the "paste"  applied new paste and still dead, this is beyond repair dead right? 
Should I refresh the thermal paste on my notebook?  I've never done it before. 
 yes definitely, if your laptop is older than 3-4 years, some laptops though, paste lasts very long, 7+ years 
 I bought it in May and probably will get a new one next year so I guess I'll leave it. 
I've been using Vaseline as thermal paste. I find it works a lot better, I typically get a few degrees difference. 
 Nah man it's the grease that collects between your cpu and the cooler. You got to remove it every 2-3 months or else it can't cool properly 
  Sigh. That's because most stock coolers and preinstalled heatsinks don't use 'paste', they use a phase-change compound that is solid at room temperature.  _it's supposed to be that way_ 
d-do you r-really have to r-redo your t-thermal paste? A f-friend b-built my r-rig 3 years a-ago and I'm n-not s-sure I could d-do it m-myself 
 once every 5 years or so is advisable. 
   Yes, it is probably time for a refresh. I find that if you use A LOT you'll get another year out of it. 
  gigahertz is a measure of time not distance 
 No you don't.  Every one in this thread is just running with a joke. Unless your temps are too high and its not due to dust you probably don't need to redo the thermal paste. If your temps are too high at standard clock speeds then you could try refreshing the paste then. 
 Exactly duh! 
I've been using mayonnaise for quite a while now and I've been hitting new max speeds, don't use the lower fat varieties though, you need the extra grease for proper heat dispersal. 
 I have read that cum is actually pretty good too. 
 Don't worry my current PC already runs 8 years without redoing the paste and it still doesn't have any heat problems. 
 Most people in here are trolling you or are retarded, or both. Just monitor your CPU temp and if it goes above 80 during intensive tasks either make sure your cooler is good/working properly. If that's not the problem THEN you can refresh your thermal paste. 
 Lol you don't replace you're thermal paste at least once a year 
 My CPU Is normally at 115ºF, 190ºF at 100% resources.  It's that bad? 
  t-thanks Anons, I nearly got memed again 
  Do what now?   ' 
 lmao what a retard. You're doing it way too often dumbass. For optimal performance I do it every 6 months. 
  specs of pc? I'm curious now. 
 I call bullshit on this there is no paste that can last this long. 
I just put some cm fusion 400 under a 212 evo and my 4690k idles at 21°C according to speccy but the bios says 27. 
 shit bruv, if i don't do mine every 6 months it annoys me. 
 MX-4 and a shadow rock slim idles my 6600k at 25 even with the heating on. 
 Nice. At first I was more afraid I used too little because of the mating surface's physical design with heatpipes. 
 Every 6 hours 
Great meme lads. 
 My old Core 2 Duo E8400 @3.6ghz is still running with the Arctic Silver 5 I applied in May 2008, both core are at 42°c in idle and 60°c in charge.  You are probably fine. 
 Those temps are awful I'd suggest reapplying the paste now 
 remember /g/, you're not doing it right until you break something for no goddamned reason! 
 Gee new autistic thermal paste meme thread?  See multiple ones everyday these days... 
    
Speaking of this  I ordered an i5 4460. Do I need to go buy some thermal paste or is it included with the cooler? That was kind of an oversight.  Also I don't plan to OC the thing, is the stock cooler good enough? 
  It's a fucking Q6600. 
 
 nvm I already found that info meself. 3 funny looking layers of paste already applied to it so I don't really have to touch anything. 
 I'm pretty sure there's a "sticker" of thermal paste already applied for use with the stock cooler. Temperature-wise, the stock cooler should be fine but it's a tad on the louder side so you may want to get a cheap aftermarket cooler like the CM Hyper 212 Evo later if it bothers you. 
   Ayy lmao  Whatever hardware you have, check the manufacturer for the recommended temps. That's what I do. Worked pretty good so far although I just got some Arctic paste that I want to put on to keep my temps lower bc...why not  ' ' 
 thermal pads wear out. at least mine did. 
Hi /g/.   I'm looking to build a small, very quiet plex server that will be capable of streaming @ upto 1080p for 3 people at once.   How does this look? What n00b errors have I made? What could I do to save on the budget?   PCPartPicker part list:  
 Just get three Apple TVs. Would save you money. 
I also want to be able to stream my own media collection when I'm out and about. 
 that i7 is fine. i'm worried about cooling though. make sure that cooler can handle that i7. also, you may want to keep your os on a separate drive. in case your os fucks up or media corrupts everything, you don't want to lose all of your shit. i am currently running my plex server off an hp ex485, win7 is on a usb stick which keeps my 4 drive bays exclusively for storage. 
 Apple TVs are stream points no more than fire sticks.  They are not a replacement for servers. 
 If you're just making a plex server, why are you getting a high end SSD?  Why not just a cheap 30 GB one? 
Intel nic i5 16gb Ssd  Profit 
  I wanted a reliable ssd for running the os on and I know cheaper brands aren't recommended for pc building 
Instead of making another thread, going to ask in here:  Is there a prebuilt package out there for a linux based server to stream specific files on demand to hosts with minimal setup on the host end? Trying to add my seedbox as network storage in something like Kodi doesn't end well, as the /Downloads directory crashes Kodi more often than not due to the amount of files/subdirectories. I only ask because my sftp transfer rate is pretty shit, maxes out around 800KiB/s and average is around 500KiB/s.  Not really looking to do something like stream via first block network copy or something hack-ish either. 
Op you are like a special snowflake that thinks a server needs to be a certain type of computer that needs is own form factor and exotic hardware and bullshit because your haven't a fucking clue how computers work at all.  So your want 3 whole 1080p streams. Oh wow.  Let me plug in my 6 year old laptop via ethernet into my router and set up plex. Fucking done. 
Holy shit that overkill. My god. Why even have an SSD on a server , it litteraly doesn't contribute to anything . also i7 is crazy overkill. And everything     Get the cheapest ram cheapest mobo a half decent psu and some amd apu with 4 cores . you are done 
 
Traded my xbox one for this computer. The computer has a hard time keeping up with games, What parts should I upgrade. 
Get a new GPU Maybe a newer CPU 
 any tips on what to get? 
 Budget? What resolution/settings do you want to play on? 
 1080p, budget doesn't matter, can always sell the items inside the computer. 
What games?  The mobo can support an Ivy Bridge, like 3570k, with firmware update.  Normally, upgrade GPU first. 
 Gtx 970 or R9 290 depending on your prefrence. Someone else help this guy out, I need some sleep. You made a good trade, OP. 
 ty, goodnight. 
 it's not a good deal man..the 1155 chipset does not support many new good CPUs... the ram is clocked at 665 mhz and has the worst timings ive ever seen.. the mobo is nothing special and the GPU is heavily outdated..  desu you got screwed over OP. 
 I got screwed over? what do you think the average amount of this build is? 
 what do you mean average amount? well man this is how I see it. if you dont wanna do gaming this build is fine.  if you wanna do gaming you have a few problems. as it is, it wont run many things. upgrading within a budget, will JUST your shit up because that's a shitty CPU Socket you got going. So the only choice is getting a new CPU and MOBO at least, which pretty much puts you in quite some expenses. (if you actually wanna get good pieces, that is) Now, if you had NO computer prior to this, then the trade could be fine.. but if you do have another computer, it would have been better to just sell the Xbone and buy newer parts with the money. 
 Any suggestions on CPU and MOBO? 
 I'm curious as to what you're trying to play. I have way worse specs than you, yet I can run a pretty high amount of games. Nothing like Fallout 4 or anything, but a fair amount of others. 
 I5 4690k + any good z97 board I5 6600k + any good z170/board Update firmware , swap for 3570k Add ssd ans new gpu , 380x or 970 whatever brand you like. 
 Well I am trying to get into some good older cod games, and maybe Rust and shit like that idk, the time hasn't come yet. 
Your temps are low, Threes no need to upgrade. i would just overclock the cpu,ram,gpu  Just search for each part online and how to overclock it. and you should be fine. 
   Thank you. 
  what this guy said. he means if you are gonna upgrade both mobo and CPU  you can pick between option 1 and 2 option 3 is for if you are gonna stay in your current mobo after all   Definitely go for this first before buying new parts.   Though if you just wanna play older cod games i dont think that rig would run into too much trouble 
  Ingore him, you don't need a processor upgrade. Just get a better graphics card and save yourself some money. 
  lol'd. But the other things he said are good. 
 Are you retarded or just pretending?  RAM timings are 100% fucking irrelevant for gaming. You don't know shit. A decent i5 processor is more than good enough for current-gen games. If he grabs a GTX970 he'll literally play every game from the last 5 years at 1080p close to maxed out.  For $500, this system is not bad at all. 
 1 clock speed is not timing 2 speccy is showing half the speed (since it's ddr) its really 1333mhz  3 it supports up to ivy bridge which is is only 3 gens behind (and like 10% slower per clock) 4 the gpu isn't "heavily out dated" it can still play most games 60 fps 1080p at high to medium settings 
 even my 4670k @4.2ghz was bottlenecking my 7970 in some games 
 You should be fine with you current setup if you only plan on running older CoD and rust NP 
 What games?  Calling Bullshits 
 get a new hard drive that seagate will die within the next year  hitachi deskstar is best 
 gta 5 mostly  that shit would hit 100% cpu usage at times if i drove fast enough for long enough 
 Haven't experienced that on my 3570k @4.3 
 that's not how you determine a bottleneck, and it could be something else fucky in your os. 
   Hows my build /g/?  Please  rate. 
     nigga it runs better than the ps4 
Build is worth about $450 and is still a powerful comp. 
 for the extra price of that needlessly expensive mobo you could get a better gpu. 
 dude dont be stupid. you traded a fucking xbox one for this pc. Go check some benchmarks of the GTX 670 ffs... also its a MID budget PC what more you expect ? You DON'T need a CPU. 
 also to upgrate your CPU you need a new Mobo. 
 You traded your xbox for this steaming pile of shit. Fucking hell I'd rather have the xbox 
 -Hello? -Hello, yes this is bait. 
 Turn of antialiasing maybe? Disable blur and other nauseating filters. Enjoy flawless fullhd gayming. Profit. 
 watch this OP  
 my computer is shittier then this and I can still run almost every game at 1080p on medhigh-high settings (some don't hit 60fps but a lot do). My shit computer is still better then an xbox one. I just don't see why your pc is having a hard time running games when I'm not having a very hard time.  pic related my shit tier pc 
Cpu is 4 generations old, maybe try to look for the best one that's compatible with the same socket. Gpu is pretty outdated too, I'd say try to get a 780 or wait until april and get a used 980. Get a second ram stick (same model, or just same specs). And I know this might sound dumb, but make sure your display cable is actually connected to your gpu. And something you should've already done is reinstalling windows (please don't fall for the Gentoo meme). And last but not least, don't expect a pc you got for $500 to run a game with everything max. 
O posted this in other thread but is ded I'm building a budget gaming PC, battleblock theatre, battlefront. I thought about fx-6300 + GPU, or it a safe bet? 1080p 60fps intended but I could sacrifice a little one for smoother gaming. What do you think? 
 960 isn't shittier than 670 m8, i3 540 is pretty fucking shit though. 
I've spent over two days reading up on PC component parts but it appears that I'm still retarded due to the lack of experience. What parts do I need to focus on if I want to run games at somewhat low resolutions @ 144+ fps?  Don't care about graphical quality, just fluidity without hitches and shit. 
 Just overall my pc is shitty then OPs. the i3 540 really bottlenecks the shit outta the 960 but I can still run witcher 3 on high settings getting around 45fps. there's no reason why OP can not run most games on his PC at the same resolution and frame rate as a game on xbox one. 
 Did you check your temperatures? I would say RAM bottlenecks long before the CPU would get a chance to, unless you got a cooling problem 
 those amd fx processor are getting really old. save up and just get an i5 4460. 
   All of them, to an Xbox One. 
The PC is fine Op. Just get a new videocard, Fucking lol at the retards telling him to get haslel or skylake. 
 first things first. you monitor can not display anything more then 60 fps. you if you wanna game at 144fps you need to get a monitor that can display that. something like this  
 I'm well aware that the monitor needs to have the correct refresh rate (which I already have), just curious about the most important components/specs would be to running things smoothly.  Most guides and information covers gaming on high resolutions @ 60fps, which is not really what I want. 
 for 1080p   r9 390, r9 290x, r9 290, gtx 970 or a regular gtx 980  cpu is decent 
Overclock the shit out of your card OP until IT IS DEATHED lel 
 he has to make sure the PSU is up to par or it will fail and take out some other parts with it. 
 
Old thread is near bump limit  Intended for users of all levels, including absolute beginners.  There are three ways to try GNU plus Linux, you can:  1) Install a GNU plus Linux OS on a VM (Virtual Machine/VirtualBox) for "safety purposes" 2) Use the Live ISO directly without installing anything, that way, you can get a "full GNU plus Linux experience". 3) Go balls deep and overwrite everything with GNU plus Linux (very recommended, for your freedom)  If you are serious about switching to GNU plus Linux and if you have Windows dual-booted (recommended for pure newbies), we recommend you use it exclusively for 2 weeks, and avoid Windows dual booting for that period of time, or it's likely you will start retreating back to windows instead of getting used to GNU plus Linux as your new home and working on making it feel the way you want it.   -SourceMage ([Recommended] -Suicide GNU plus Linux  Before asking, please find the answers to your questions in resources.  Please be civil, notice the "Friendly" in every Friendly GNU plus Linux Thread.  Understand that much of your software from Windows will be unavailable, although maybe wine can make up for it.  Resources: man insert command here your friendly neighborhood search engine   
 What is GNU plus Linux? First GNU plus Linux (What GNU plus Linux distro to choose?) software does /g/ recommend? (Please DON'T include the so called infographic -- refer all your recommended software here.) on GNU plus Linux (Make it good and functional or make it worse like those at desktop threads) script designed to ease the transition from Windows to Debian [CREATED BY A FURRY BRONY FAGGOT]  We now have an entry in the install Gentoo wiki! No one uses: irc://irc.freenode.org:+7000/Friend lyLinux [CREATED BY SAME FURRY BRONY FAGGOT] 
 Install Gentoo. 
bumpity bump for the worthy /flt/ thread 
Considering switching to Antergos from Cinnamon. Any reason not to? I feel like now that I have my feet wet I want more. 
  that's a de not a distro 
 You mean Mint? Then yeah, no issues.  However, Antergos's installer is known to break, if it does, try Architect.   I think he means Mint with that? 
 Yep, need more coffee my bad. 
 just wanted to be sure you didn't think you had to switch distros to change environments 
 Ah good to know, I appreciate the tip. And yeah I'm clearly losing it today. 
 Install Slackware :^) 
 Now is a bad time to install Slackware.  I sense a new version coming preeeeetttyyy soon. 
What's the simplest way of installing Linux alongside a Windows partition after I've installed Windows?  I don't really want to reinstall Windows again 
 Virtual machine? 
  I don't want to run Linux within Windows, I want it to run it on a separate partition 
     If so, then open up your BIOS and select Linux in the options there.   Install grub and auto-config.   auto-config.   Great. 
  I think from memory the last time I tried installing Linux Mint after Windows I gave up because the installer wouldn't detect a free partition even though there is one. It only gave the option to install over the Windows partition. 
 even without a free partition it should give an option to install alongside whatever you've already got installed.  if you freed up a partiton beforehand then you should use the advanced partitioning option 
 Anybody know where to get a Debian ISO with non-free firmware? In case i finally decide to ascend, I need the ISO for my proprietary ass HP e017dx laptop. 
  I'll have another go at it now and see if I can use this 'advanced partitioning' option 
 pshhh, I'm on the -current tree. if you set an ftp/mirror as the installation source, you can install -current and have a "rolling release" distro :^) 
   I have never been comfortable with installers that try to automatically set up your partitions. If a distro does not let you have total control over your partitioning system, you should not be using it. 
 pretty much all distros have advanced partitioning options in their installers 
 Not really what you've asked for, but it's also possible to load the firmware from an external source during install. 
 i dont have any "external sources" because this is basically a windows only laptop 
 How about a USB during the net install? That's how I managed to get my WiFi card working. 
 When linus keeps breaking drivers with his shitty kernel upgrades Linux fucking sucks all I want is to use monitor mode on a wifi adapter which the driver *does* support but no linus somehow managed to fuck everything up linux a shit 
  got what you deserve m8y 
  
 ' 
  
 don't know where to find the firmware. HP only has Window$ drivers on their site. Would that work? 
  
i installed linux, now my keyboard wont work. mouse works fine.  corsair strafe rgb  pls help 
How stable is Mint nowadays? 
What's the worst case scenario of arch breaking? I'm thinking of giving it a go but all the breakage stories have me worried. Pretty much the only thing I care about is my music library but I already have home in a separate partition, so that's safe, right? 
how to get better font rendering on debian jessie? 
 I don't know, but I'm about to find out myself 
 That should be fine. If you're that concerned about it just make a backup on something external 
Which DE has best taskbar grouping. I need to have like 10 PDFs open at the same time and need a good way of switching between them. 
 worst case scenario if you put /home on a separate partition, then if you have even a catastrophic system breakage all your personal files and shit will be fine, and you can either fix the breakage from a liveusb or simply reinstall and have most everything the way it was   not exactly what you asked for but my suggestion would be gnome, with the coverflow shell extension and just use alt + tab to switch between them 
 GNOME 
  Nevermind, I got it working now 
  Actually now it just won't let me type in my password  I guess it might be because I installing a 3rd-party driver to get my Corsair Strafe keyboard working  ' 
What makes yum such a praised package manager compared to, say, apt? 
Anyone can comment on how well this work? to be a clone of Windows 7 dock bar 
 dependecy management and number of features 
Currently installing Kubuntu from a burned disc and I'm getting an error saying "global name 'sig' is not defined. What do I do? 
 google it? 
 Why is Stallman used in those gta posters? What's the connection, is gta 4 open source or what? 
 grand theft gentoo, was at one time a /g/ project.  I think it shut down because of legal issues 
 any reason you're using a cd? bootable usb's made with bootable usb creator thing usually work ril gud 
Is tiling desktop managers just a meme or are they actually useful for non-turbo nerds? 
 You sound like a moron so I would stay away from them if I were you. 
 reminder that this is a FRIENDLY linux thread 
OP can you stop putting /sqt/ in the OP? why are you sending people somewhere else when they have question about linux and this thread is suppose to be exactly for that? It makes absolutely no sense at all. Only if it's just attempt to get thread shown when people search for sqt on /g/ which is really crappy excuse, maybe it was needed in the past, but /flt/ is fine on its own now. 
 ' 
   
    
   
Complete Linux noob here considering partitioning the hard drive on my potato laptop and installing Linux:  I've been booting Mint from a USB drive for about a week and like it a lot. I've also been messing around with Ubuntu a little but I think the Unity DE is hideous.  I know you can install Cinnamon in Ubuntu, but objectively is there any reason to choose Ubuntu over Mint since I'm just going to be using it for everyday use and browsing 
 I guess this is the thread that I need, I really would like to make linux my main OS but I allways keep going back to windows, right now I have a macbook pro, my only computer, I never really used OSX for more than a week, It feels like a toy and I cant even connect my android tablet to it, so I keep formating my computer almost every day, sometimes even more than once a day, every time I think, this is the last but then I feel the need to switch because the other OS allways has something better than the current one, can you guys show.me why is gnu plus linux the best OS, tell me your experiences and what makes it your main choice of OS 
 No, not really. Both are fine. 
 Tell us why you think it isn't good enough to be your main OS and we might be able to help. 
 Kek 
Trying to get set my default capture device in alsa.  I can get it to record with arecord -D hw:2,0 -f "S16_LE" -c 2 test.wav, but when I put <pre class="prettyprint">default.pcm0c.!card 2 default.pctl0c.!card 2 default.pcm0c.!device 0 default.ctl0c.!device 0 </pre> but that doesn't work The device that I want shows up in arecord -l as  <pre class="prettyprint">card 2: PX22 [Turtle Beach PX22], device 0: USB Audio [USB Audio] Subdevices: 0/1 Subdevice #0: subdevice #0 </pre> but for some reason specifying it by name (arecord -D "PX22") returns Unknown PCM PX22 and no such file or directory What gives, /flt/? 
 /fg+lt/ or /fg/lt/  Don't be stupid. 
What benefits could I possibly get from moving to debian from ubuntu? I was thinking of going arch but I figured I might as well familiarize myself completely with a debian-based distro since I've been using one for a while now. 
  absolutely none.  ' This makes no sense, why would you change away from debian in order to familiarize yourself with debian based distros?  Sounds like you have too much time of your hands, learn something worthwhile like bash or something. 
 I guess most part is because of games, I guess one of the main reasons I want to change to linux is to find something "fun" to do that actually matters, I am studying computer science and I really like to code for projects and stuff but after that I cant think about something to do that would like increase my programming skils and maybe help someone do something. Everyday I see posts here about cool stuff you guys do in /dpt/ and the desktop environment tweaks and stuff, I guess my question is what stimulates you to keep using linux and to do what you do with it instead of playing games? 
 i mean, it helps for me that i'm not really interested in gaming, and if i am interested in a game it's pretty fun to get it running in Wine. 
 maybe I'll do what op says and try to dual boot and use only linux for a week 
 how do you feel about your right to privacy and freedoms? 
 I never understood those faggots using tiling wm. Just use a regular DE that fits your need. If you're retarded, yeah go for a tiling manager.  If you don't trust me, go make yourself an idea of how stupid it is to have a tiling windows manager by installing one 
 compelling arguments mate  translation:  
 it's actually pretty great for developing 
 it's actually pretty great for any use 
 It'll tell you the exact name of the firmware you need to download during the install.  From that point you google it. 
Can someone post that image of useful linux software? 
Here while I go study I'll leave some questions I have       
  so what should I be looking for? 
   seriously I tried it for more than 5 minutes. Maybe it's just not for me, but I really don't get how a tiling windows manager is better than a regular DE than actually make everything I want.  Maybe it's because I'm not the kind of people that wants to loose time to configure everything like that. 
 this image is shit.  All you need is   
 nevermind    
 X F C E  F C E 
 what the fuck is this shit? why is there a dockbar AND an object dock? 
 Because that's the default setup. Right click and hit Panel settings and customize it any way you'd like. 
 Why? So you can see that there is more than one way to utilize the space and that you have a choice.  They believe the default should showcase the possibilities and not be the way you are supposed to use it.  Get a brain, moran. 
 *right click the panel and hit Panel Preferences  same idea 
 '' Maybe because you don't understand how they work and what the point of them is. 
  Antergos   i3   Stability and AUR   Minimalism, it helps me getting shit done   Usually shitpost and game. 
  Arch  i3  How easy it is to get shit installed and all the customization  Almost everything can be done from the keyboard. Let's me navigate around super quick  Programming, shitposting, reading various IT books, watch animu and read mango 
 now, one last pair of problems  ' ' 
Anyone here ever done anything like building Linux completely from scratch? How was/is it? 
 tedious. just install Gentoo unless you're really masochistic. 
 I was just more curious than anything, it's not something I'm planning on doing 
 Mods, please ban OP. He continues to massively spam the wiki, and he continues to start the threads using the spammed version of the posts.   This is the version that we want: this is the version that OP spammed:  
  '  '  Is there hope? Back when I had the closed-source cock up my ass I managed to get it running, so I know it can work on linux.  Can anyone suggest a good programming language learning regimen? ATM I'm puttering through Rust's documentation, but I'm not even visiting it every week I've got to form some sort of schedule.  Initially I was doing a section a day but I burned out after three days. 
Any Arch users getting something like "failed to finalize file system" when they shut down? It started happening recently and I can't find a good explanation on Google. It hasn't caused any issues, I'm just curious 
  I've been watching Netflix all this year on Chrome and no silverlight.  Netflix is /already/ html5    It was far fucking better than Flash.  It's too bad Microsoft has a bug up its ass about Linux and open-source in general. 
Currently in a Tier2 helpdesk position for the last 6 months, I want to work towards a sys admin position and was thinking of working on a redhat cert, does anyone here with a RHC have any light to shed on this subject, I'm a little confused where to start as they don't offer any offline courses for this in my area, also can i start with a  RHCSA or do i need to go through Sys Admin 1 + 2 before i can attempt that? 
I've only been running ubuntu and lubuntu, what real distro can I use while still being able to make it look good?  
 This is 4chan, faggot. Go back to reddit you massive kek. 
  
 No, you fucked up something 
  Go back to your reddit safe environment you fag. 
 Literally any distro. All of them can be made to look good, there's no difference between distros in that aspect. 
 Is Arch Linux a good choice? 
   Consider suicide, faggot 
 No, you will instantly become an autistic faggot if you install Arch. Do you really want to be that basement dwelling neckbeard that spends weeks fixing X every time pacman breaks it ? 
  
  Actually this time it's true 
 Man, and I was just memeing too 
      what is this shit?  are the acer ssds just trash?  is it btrfs?  should I get a different ssd?  ugh 
           There is a board specifically designed for 15 y/o get the fuck off to  with your memes, you cursed degenerates. 
 That being said, Arch is still the best distro if you know what you are doing 
      AN  also it's [s4s] not /s4s/ you plebe newfag. back to /reddit/ 
       No, you illiterate keklord  -class="quote">[s4s], not /s4s/ Yeah, since you know more about it, stay there 
 requesting fargnu4 
 Eh, it's just a distro like any other desu. If you like bleeding edge packages and the potential bugs that might come with them, then good on you.  I'll stick with Debian for muh stability personally. 
 You used AN in the post I replied to you autismo.   literally anyone who isn't a newfag knows it's [s4s] not /s4s/  But I won't argue with you over 4chins, you know you're powerless here, and I know that bothers you.  So go cry moar you newfig 
So I got an eGPU.  I installed the drivers. The kernel modules seem to be loaded, and the card shows up fine lspci.   However, I have no idea how to switch to the eGPUs outputs. I might not be googling the right keyword.  wat do 
       How old are you? 
 I'm a 12 year old loli ) 
   How is your Iceweasel going? 
  Bye 
 bye fag also more salt pls 
help how can i hack the gibson 
why isn't working? 
 because systemd a shit 
 what else can I use? 
 Open RC /thread 
  I meant to manage battery rules 
in a bash script, how do I only make it pass an argument to another script when a certain value is set?  this is ugly: <pre class="prettyprint">if [[ $dothis -eq 1 ]] then     otherscript --some-parameter xyz --other-parameter xyz --dothis $othervariable  output else     otherscript --some-parameter xyz --other-parameter xyz  output fi</pre>  how can I simplify this? 
  what distro are you on? did you fall for the arch meme?  Lubuntu ships with XFCE power manager, pic related. It just werks 8^) 
  I automatically get the little pop-up warning at 15% battery remaining. Haven't found a way to change that but haven't felt the need to, so haven't looked.  "Consider the computer on low power at" seems to set the auto-shutdown or whatever threshold, I just make mine hibernate so I don't lose work. 
 I'm just looking for the most based way to do it, udev rules seemed a good solution 
Hey lads, could I get some opinions on elementary OS? What's the lightweight/rice ratio on it? I'd like a new distro for my netbook since I'm due a re-install. (Lubuntu 15.04).  I'm either just going to upgrade straight to 15.10 or try something else, such as eOS 
  If you're talking about an environment variable  <pre class="prettyprint"> if [[ -n "$foo" ]] then   bar else   baz fi </pre> 
I really want a dock/taskbar that works like the one in Windows 7. Is it possible? INB4 use Windows 7. 
Who's worse, /g/.  RHEL or Canonical? 
 Forgot poll link.  
Hi /g/ , does any of you have experience with bluetooth speakers? any suggested brand? i've been fooled by marketing? is this a meme?  yours anon 
 i bought one for the kitchen while cooking. i simply got a black Xiaomi Square speaker. price is low, sound is decent, buildquality is outstanding. would buy again. 
      A meme. 
If you're willing to spend the cash. UE Mega Boom are pretty good. Also the Bose Soundlink Mini are pretty good as well. Really good bass and clarity in both speakers 
I have UE boom, pretty good 
 I got a jam replay it's not bad for $30 usd. Has pretty good range too 
Is there a site where I can search computer cases based on features/number of drive bays etc? I've been looking to build a computer and I'm pretty tired of searching for what fits in what.  No I don't want light up aliens, I wanna be able to put my stuff in there.  I ordered an Antec one which seemed good at the time when I was thinking of getting a GTX 970 but everywhere I go people are saying that the R9 390 is better and it won't fit in the damn thing.  I'm so tired of dealing with this. 
 Youtube  the model of the case  Done 
The 200R will fit any long GPU and tall CPU heatsink For the price is a really good case 
 I'm not OP, but would the large noctua coolers fit into cases that size? 
Thinkpad T420 vs. Elitebook 8460P  Thinkpad X220 vs Elitebook 2560p  we can include appropriate Dell Precision models as well. 
 T440p 
 i have an elitebook 8560p and its the worst laptop i've ever had 
 Why is that?  These Elitebooks seem like way better deals than Thinkpads at the moment, at least on ebay. 
 How bad is asuspro bu201? 
Elitebooks didn't give in to the jews and kept stereo mix and jewpads didn't, so Elitebooks win every time. 
 overall build quality, hinges  jack port,  extreme overheating when running and extreme coldness of the case when off trackpad is ok but the buttons feels like defective after 1 years. the keyboard is ok but you can feel the coldness of the case while you are typing on the keyboard. i got it for cheap from my school but i dont recommand elitebook. 
 I thought elitebooks were supposed to build better than thinkpads? 
 this is where the word "supposed" makes sense. It's not because its built in aluminium or other metal that its better than plastic cases. 
  We have some of these kicking about at work. The keyboards are horrible, but the build quality is pretty good (on par with to the Dell E6420 Latitudes and the T420 Thinkpads).  Also HPs in general are an absolute pain in the ass to get drivers working in WDS  MDT 2012, compared to Dell. But that's probably not part of your consideration. 
 As a guy who fixes laptops I can confirm most of this. Elitebooks tend to get hotter than the sun and the cooling paste HP uses might as well be chewing gum.   They could actually be quite decent if HP didn't go full retard on the hinges and cooling solutions. 
 
Why do people pretend to like AMD? 
go on 
I pretend to like AMD because I do.  Shit just werks. also 3/10, made me reply. 
They make competitive GPUs at good prices, and have been pretty consumer friendly because of their position in the market.  I just hope Zen is good enough to give Intel real competition again. 
 why do people pretend to like you? 
If amd wasn't here to lower the general price of cards, because competition would have not exists, nvidia would have already raise the price of their cards by 20% at least I suppose. Same for Intel with the low cost cpus of amd 
 Performance/price is usually better. 
Their CPUs and GPUs are sturdy as fuck. Just werks 
 but they do like me anon, my fat dick in your mouth makes all the boys come by. 
I'm still on an i7 930 that still handles everything I throw at it after 4 years. I really want Zen to be good, I'm ready to hop off this wild ride. 
  I like AMD because they've been a tremendous value and they simply deliver.  Intel engages in a ton of wildly confusing "marketing segmentation" moves.  It starts with trying to dump binned processors, but then it becomes an active attempt to confuse the consumer.  For example, in the Core2Duo days, they had one variant with no VT-x support.  You had to dig and dig to find that.  You thought you were getting a Core2Duo with features associated with the line, but nope, turns out you get a hobbled one just because they wanted to cover OEMs desire for a specific market $10 lower than the next one. 
 because my 6300 just werks, does video render at decent speed while shitposting. 
Nvidia/Intel user here.  If AMD's retroactive recording software (Nvidia's Shadowplay) could record in 21:9, I would use an AMD GPU.  Until then, Nvidia has my money.  Intel CPU is better suited for my job anyway. 
 memers 
 Because they prevent nVidia from being full jew.  They are not the competition we need, but the one we deserve. 
 Lesser of two evils 
maybe the feel bad for them. or it's just basic 4chan contrarianism. 
 
I don't pretend. They offer good enough performance at a great price. It does what I need. 
Because we need competition if we want to keep prices on a reasonable level. If AMD were to go bankrupt and NVidia got a monopoly on GPUs, they could pull whatever the fuck they wanted as there's no other option for people anyway. We'd see shit like $500 GTX 970s. Same with CPUs, Intel hasn't had to make significant performance improvements and yet they can keep raising prices because AMD can't compete in the high-end segment right now anyway. Consumers that want that amount of CPU power simply have no other option. 
 i'm jelly of your 290x silicon lottery win. 
  Its not a win, its a loss. That voltage translates to a +180mv offset which really means I should have it under water. 
  Vapor-X a best 
  I forget if the vapor-x 290 comes with an offset at stock, I know the vapor-x 290x runs at something like +30mv to hit the 1080 base clock (same for the msi lightning). 
 nah man, that's not a loss at all. alone to able to get that clock speed regardless of voltage is pretty good for a 290x. i can't get my tri-x over 1150 on air. just not happening without melting the whole pcb. 
 It translates to 1.133v total. 
  Does your 290x look like this though? Ironically this used to be a tri-x and would hit 1200mhz but the temperatures were housefire tier.  I actually tried to refit the tri-x cooler yesterday and found out the screw cylinders (for want of a better term) that hold the heatsink to the gpu core had actually cracked and won't hold the screw, thus rendering the opriginal cooler completely useless. For laughs I might have up the fan shroud to fit onto this monster heatsink just because. 
 i've been looking around for better air coolers but seems like none are an improvement over the tri-x heatsink. i re-seated it and applied new paste wich made it way better. is your aftermarket heatsink really better than stock? wich one is it? 
 Looks like a Raijintek Morpheus to me. Thing's massive. 
  This anon is right   The key thing for the morpheus is good fans. I have two SP120's on there for now but i'm looking to replace them with some of those vardar fans from EK.  This is what the morpheus does with the fans at 7v (i.e silent). 
 do you have a pic with an overclock? or would you like to replicate my settings, yo i can compare? that would be super nice. i'm running +19mv 1100/1400 as my standard daily setting 
  Try this picture on for size - the far right number is the maximum.  Ignore the actual fps result - I cranked everything I could to max to torture the card. 
 woah okay, that's very respectable for air. so would you say the morpheus was the right choice or would you have rather gone with slapping an aio onto it in hindsight? 
 this 
because i'm not a good goy 
All this people having a good overclock on their 290(x) and I have to be happy with 80 degrees C on stock speeds with my Gigabyte Windforce 290. Can't even replace the fucking thermal paste because 1 single screw is stuck. 
because my two r9 290xes let me generate about 3000M tripcodes a seccond 
  AIO's don't cool the vrms which are just as important as the core (i.e you still have to air cool the vrms).  I prefer the morpheus as it is less hassle than something like G10 hybrid cooler thingy simply because you have more options for fans. 
 you can often undervolt a card at stock speeds since they just apply a safe value wich should work for all chips. yours could be able to run with less. 
 yeah okay. i gathered a few things online wich i would need to do aio properly. i'd have to order from 5 different shops, 3 different countries and pay around 120€ to have all the proper parts. it really is a hassle. 
  Hmm I never thought of that. Will try that one day, probably when summer comes and it will hit the 95 degree mark yet again. There's one thing I can't wrap my head around really. I removed every single screw except for the stuck one, but my temps didn't change when I put it back in. Shouldn't it at least run hotter than before? 
 Assuming you didn't pull the cooler loose, you should be fine. 
They dont use cheap, illegal, underhanded businesses practices like intel does. They are actually constantly working to improve for you, the consumer, and most people shit on them for it.  On the other hand, intel actively works to holf advancement back for thr sake of profit.   I try not to support the greedier of two parties in any event. 
   I didn't really try to pull or twist it, but I did run furmark to heat up the card so it would be easier to get the cooler of. I didn't account for that goddamn screw though. 
  This indeed. If Intel can save 1 dollar on making your CPU like changing the TIM to shit-tier quality, or making the membrane underneith the chip less thick and thus causing bendgate 2 they fucking will. 
 Cause they own one. 
  When is this happening floens? 
Just use older version 
 No 
Using right now. What crashing? 
 Wait and c 
 The beta is less stable than a crack hooker on christmas 
I've experienced 0 crashes in like a month. 
 Me V1.2.11 .what is beta? 
 lucky you 
BTW, I find "Current News" board to be quite cool. Is it new ? 
Why isn't there a fullscreen option when watching webms? 
    
 /news/, the text board? Yeah it's relatively new  Do you never pay attention? 
Tabbed browsing when? Chain had (vefore being abandoned) and it was glorious. Already tired of seeing one thread at a time and the thread watcher juat doesn't do it for me. 
 I'll get a crash when I try to open a reply chain.  Had no problems with the beta oddly enough.  There's no beta apk floating around is there? 
'  FUCK this, I wish I never 'updated'. Getting the old version as soon as I get home 
 I suck a bag of dicks nvm.  I hope 2.2 fixes things, till then, 2.0 will work. 
    It's like you guys are actually retarded or something. This is exactly why developers often don't give access to beta builds. You don't plan on fixing anything, just bitching. Go use the stable build and it will, unsurprisingly, be stable. 
Works super smooth here senpai. Love clover 
 Egg-fucking-xactly This 10000000x 
  It's like you don't even like technology 
 To be fair Clover doesn't show announcements. A lot of people are using their phones to post rather than on their computer. It's convenient as hell.  -Post from Clover app 
 Dashchan cant quote without post text 
results 
There's some shit I have certainly not downloaded and it's not even scat tranny porn. How reliable is this thing? 
 It got my external static IP address right  BUT it got my location and ISP wrong How do you even get the ISP wrong when given the IP address?  This thing is garbage. (Half the media it colected about me were wrong, the other half were right) 
 =3 
 Surprised there isn't more... 
Ayy lad 
Have torrented multiple albums/programs from my school and this is the only thing that shows up. Is this website reliable? 
  ) 
 
 No results from my IP, also: according to its polls, the most torrented thing in my country is GIMP, WTF? 
 ' 
   Kinda pleb tier country do you live in? 
 I'm gonna nmap you ^) 
 Svennefitta 
no information on my ip. and it's a static ip, too. shit site 
Completely inaccurate, no idea what the hell that music even is. 
i use a dynamic IP, and someone with my current IP in the past has torrented some movie called sucker punch, and some shit tv show called the sing off 
     Same. Being a ninja has its perks. 
 WOULD YOU FUCK ELIAS OR GUSTAV 
  
Had the same static IP for five years. Why would anybody on /g/ use a public tracker haha what 
well, it's shit anyways 
 Europe in a nutshell. 
 Most torrents are legit. That's the responsible way to load ones Arch Linux image. Here in fageu we can't torrent copyright freely anymore. 
I didn't download a single one of these. 
) 
lol I torrented like 20 movies in the last month and it says no information 
   Yeah .... It was totally me guise, you got me! 
 I don't dare, I'm too scared 
I got this IP address few week ago when I upgraded my router's firmware, and copyright trolls aren't using that site anyway. 
 What country? 
Downloading copyrighted content without breaking a single law sure feels good. 
 yay~ 
  
 m8 I'm living in eastern europe and not even trying 
 That's because that region lacks the resources to store data. Your ISPs just collect their shower rods from you and go on their way. 
Not even me 
  What year is this? 
 ISP says my IP is dynamic but it hasn't chnaged in two years idk why 
 This. 
 - class="quote"> Download link for youtube-dl. - class="quote"> Useful lua scripts for mpv. - class="quote"> High configuration, needs a good graphic card.  <pre class="prettyprint">vo=opengl-hq:scale=ewa_lanczossharp :cscale=ewa_lanczossoft:scale-antir ing=0.8:cscale-antiring=0.9 hwdec=no<pre class="prettyprint">     vo=opengl-hq:scale=ewa_lanczossharp :cscale=ewa_lanczossoft:prescale=nn edi3:nnedi3-neurons=64:scale-antiri ng=0.8:cscale-antiring=0.9 hwdec=no</pre></pre> 
What would you guys use as an inbetween the given high and very high settings for vo? I'm on an r9 390 on kernel 4.2 and nnedi3 straight gives me frame drops in 16|32|64 :( 
 
/g/uys, I'm going to get an 5 inch 1080p Android phone (want to use it eg. with Cardboard).  Xiaomi Mi4C? Pretty cheap, much RAM, good (?) CPU. No NFC, but I don't care. Anything better than that (and not more expensive)? Would Mi4i be much worser? 
 The mi4c is better, just get that one - you want those 32GB storage.  Alternatively, get the Redmi Note 2, you can stick a microSD in that one.  Also Xiaomi has good gyro sensors and more. They are generally very decent for cardboard use. 
 Thanks for the reply.  For general use (Internet, some games, texting) would Mi4i be fast enough? If Mi4c - is 2gb of RAM enough for normal use? This version also has 16gb of storage, but it's cheaper. 
  I think more than fast enough, but again, I'd not recommend it with its limited storage.  ' Yes, 2GB RAM is theoretically enough, but again, I'd suggest to get 32GB of storage. Games and stuff are getting large now, 4th and 5th gen console  games for playing on emulators also already were pretty large.   The Redmi Note 2 also is fast enough, if you want to save some money, get that one instead. 
 Redmi Note 2 is too big for me, though.  Is there big difference in games performance between Mi4c and Mi4i? 
  Okay.   Yes, the mi4c has the faster chipset: difference isn't enormous though. 
Whatever you do just don't get a white version, mine starts yellowing already. Piece of shit plastic. 
 Lel, what?  Never heard of that one. Did your reseller perhaps replace the cover with a 3rd party one? 
  I've read somewhere that the glass panel on the Mi4c isn't Dragontail/Gorilla Glass, can anyone confirm this? 
  ' Why do you choose this path? 
 (cont'd) Actually, perhaps you're also talking of a mi4i made in India or something?  The indian-made Xiaomi phones (for the indian market only, probably a political move of sorts) were (maybe are still?) actually shittier. I remember they had screens that fractured far more easily and had QC issues. Probably related to how quickly they opened that factory...   It isn't Corning Gorilla Glass. It's Corning Concore. 
  Read the OP faggot 
   Why are you so deep in buyer's remorse or so poorly informed? 
 '' To explain the difference: Gorilla glass is protective glass that goes above the digitizer and screen.  Concore is a laminate that has the digitizer included, it ends up being flatter... but still very stable. I think it's a more expensive solution than Gorilla Glass. 
 I live it with my Nexus 5, my Nokia N9 doesn't have this problem 
 - more Cardboard apps than gayOS - TrinusVR app - cheaper - customization - also my own preference. Had iPhone, used Lumia for a while, now I want to try Android. 
  (not sure if same anon)  Thanks for replies, guys. I think I'll choose Mi4i, 32gb.  One another question: I read in some reviews that sound quality in Mi4i on headphones is not good - is that true? 
  Same anon. No problem.   Hm. I don't know that one, actually.  Sound -like the gyros- are however quite excellent on a Redmi 1s, 2, Note 2, and the Mi4c.  [I think they have 2-3 different models of DAC / sound cards, but they're all good.] 
 Thanks, so scratch resistant, I'm a bit of a idiot when it comes to pocketing phone and all sorts of shit on the same place 
Will/Is the steam machine a good alternative for gaming?  I would rather run a Linux system proper (freedom), but I still enjoy playing games. 
 Yes. Don't support the console industry when Steam machines are an option. Consoles are just locked down personal computers with proprietary everything. Who wants to deal with game discs anyways? Also, cloud save files are legit. 
why would you run an operating system that literally only limits the games you can play, forces you to use steam, and offers none of the benefits of just using windows?  fuck off back to /r/pcmasterrace where everyone will jerk off to valve 
    Just get a PC and hook it to your tv. Use a wireless keyboard/mouse/controller. You'll get something way better than a steam machine. 
  They're not. Are you fucking stupid? I'd like to see you install a torrent client, a web server, or a video editor on your xbone 
They seem like a good trade off between those who don't want to invest loads into a GAYMING PC and don't actually use PCs (rather use laptops) 
 Why the fuck would I do that when I already have a desktop? 
    Do you guys not realize it's just an ITX desktop? The only difference is the OS, which you can stick on nearly any other PC. Or, stick windows on the steam machine itself and just have a tiny windows PC. 
 You wouldn't because it's not possible. The point is that Steam machines are literally desktops and not consoles like you suggested. 
 you just proved his point you idiot 
I think steam machines would be a good alternative in the long term, they still arent worth it  Maybe when steam os gets more games and best optimization 
I have to admit that steamboxes are tempting to me because I don't have a desk or a monitor (just my laptop) and it's the first hint of decent non-Windows desktop gaming we've seen. Literally the only reason I haven't build a gaming desktop is because I'd have to run Windows to make proper use of it, and that's a galaxy-class crock of shit. 
 The more popular SteamOS becomes, the more all the game developers will hop on board. Once it starts to get exclusive titles the console and Windows game market is dead. 
 Honestly Just stick with Linux. There are plenty of games in the form of emulators, Wine-compatible software and PlayonLinux, so unless you're planning on playing Skyrim or some shit, I would just stick to that 
    Lmfao senpai 
 I think it's keep laptop free and have the botnet contained in it's own box. 
  As much as I love Steam and want to support it, I just can't see the point of it yet.   I'm building my first PC since 2000 for gaming/htpc. I can't BELIEVE how easy it is now compared to back then (even then, wasn't that hard). I had limitless options to cut costs when I ordered on Cyber Monday (can reuse this HD, can wait to upgrade RAM, etc) with limitless options to future upgrade. This machine will play entire Steam library where steam machine will play only some of them.  I just can't see the reason yet to buy one even though I WANT it to succeed. Unlike most of you faggots, I don't care about what's best. Just want more competition to force companies to drive down prices/improve quality. 
 Freedom? What a faggot. As long as you are using SteamOS, you still have massive DRM and loads of proprietary software you fuck around with. That is not freedom my friend. 
     
 You know SteamOS isn't locked to Steam right? You can still use emulators, play games from GoG, and set up Wine. It just has a nice interface for use from the couch and the proprietary drivers preinstalled. 
 to access emulators you have to enter the desktop mode, which is just your average linux distro. so why would i buy a steam machine instead of a proper mid tower pc with dual boot and the steam client for windows? 
 Only to install them, once that's done you add them as third party applications in Steam and set it back to big picture.  Steam Machines aren't really intended as an alternative to a desktop system, fighting Windows head on is still too difficult. That's why Steam Machines are aimed at the console market, its a softer target. Steam Machines are Valve's concept of what the Xbox should have been. 
so, the hard drive is basically a flash drive? can I replace it with an ssd? 
  this upsets me 
 I like it 
I'll wait for the xiomi laptop (early 2016). If it's gonna be a chink, it's gonna be a chink I trust more. 
 I like the logo, but I don't really like them anymore 
 Was there ever a reason to? People complain about losing the dedicated volume buttons but they were also the ones to turn them from hardwired to software buttons. 
 How is that thing? I was considering buying one myself. 
  Look for a teardown. See what connectors you have to work with in there.   No I won't google it for you.    I'm interested to see what they come up with. Love my MI4 and Power brick.  Depends how badly they try to lock you into whatever flavour of Linux it ships with. 
What's the deal with Lenovo and shit they package? Rootkit or what? Installing gentoo should purify it right? 
 
You wake up and you're suddenly stuck in Australia with only 6mbps down and 0.1kbps up.   How do you quickly and easily become a modern company that focuses on innovation? 
 I've been doing this IRL for 21 years and still haven't figured it out. 
 HAHA I wish Australia had 6mbps down. 
  Sell propane and propane accessories senpai. 
 I enjoy the upgrade and continue on.  I live in Karatha 
 Is that upload speed a typo? How do you torrent things at a reasonable speed? 
at that upload speed it would literally be faster to use IP over Carrier Pidgeon 
  Move to a different country and then proceed as normal 
  fucking lol 
 It literally is  This is why the buttnet will never ever fucking work in ausfailia, even if they gave me 100000tb of data and promised that they'd never do anything with my stuff 
 Not so much seeding, but I know by having higher upload speed you can connect to the swarm more easily and that in turn increases your download speed. That's why dialing your upload to 0 will only hurt you in the long run. 
 Use Amazon Web Services and other non abbo technology for the heavy lifting. 
 Vote the the Libs out at the next election. 
   I would celebrate my internet becoming 4 times faster 
 How do you even use 4chan? Do you view an HTML only version? 
 Pretty much this. 
 4chan is fast enough if you don't download any images 
 If we knew, we wouldn't be here, shitposting, would we. 
 ' 
 there's only 1 image in this thread 
 I move to a civilized country, why? 
 Because it's full of Australians, they're still waiting for their images to upload. 
 
 Holy shit, the Australians literally can't see images, so like a blind man - their other senses are honed to compensate. That's the only reasonable explanation for their extraordinary shitposting abilities. 
 
  wew lad, wew 
  
 yeah i question my life choices every day xDD 
  I am Australian and I like this post 
 I wasn't a modern and innovative company but ran a small graphics design business for 3 years with an office 1.4km from the Perth central post office (West Australian state capital for non-aus peoples).  I could only get ADSL1, no other option.  Express postage was the only way to get large files to the client in time. I was just glad we had electricity and didn't have to submit work in crayon.  Fuck Australian internet. 
   Move to Singapore.  Man, I'd love to live in Australia.  It's relatively quite close to East and SE Asia, which has tons of fascinating stuff and a few great business environments. 
Invest in high altitude balloons 
 Make Internet faster, earn cash. Rent a sattelite, sell skydsl to the people. Or do thw baloon thingy 
 how was the graphics design business anon? Im going to start a small one myself 
  jokes on you I have just 0.9mbps down. 
  by hiring minorities :^) 
 i don't  torrents a shit for that reason, if i want something quick i torrent it on my vps and pull it down over ssh 
 to be clear, torrents a shit on my connection, not in general 
Leave for a 1st world country :^) 
  Man, I'm lucky to get 300kbps down. Straya. 
 move to NZ and enjoy 100mbps fibre optic 
Based Clive wants to manufacture fibre optic cable from recycled stubbies in aboriginal communities to make the NBN more affordable 
 He's got my vote 
I wish there was such download at my place in Poland. 2mbps is max I can get there. 
 underrated post 
My 2MB/s down isn't the problem. Its the 10 Australian pesos/GB volume charge that hurts. Makes me want to throttle down even further myself sometimes. 
 Visited nz. Super shitty mobile Internet 500mb caps. ..... then amazing broadband.  Fibre and vdsl why doesn't aussie even have vdsl. God damnit. 
Does it make sense to spend the extra bucks to buy a 6700k over 6700 and 6600k if you do music broducing(some vsts are bitches on cpu) and some gaming? 
 
 gets me everytime 
 This is the most complexity that apple users can handle. 
Get the 6500 if you aren't a kek that like to waste money for placebo speed.   
 
 
There is no Stupid Q thread so I am making one.  Everyone is free to ask their stupid questions here.  I'll start: Is there any point to getting a USB3 Flashdrive if none of my usb ports are usb 3? Everyone talks about usb3 on external hdds and flashdrives to be faster, but how could it be faster if both sides aren't usb3? 
Is there any reason to give a shit about mobo chipsets if you're not overclocking?   USB 3.0 is backwards compatible with 2.0 but will only be as fast as 2.0 unless both ends are 3.0. Just get a 3.0 stick so it'll be faster when you upgrade. 
Why. 
 see   Or just use a cloud storage device like Mega 
 '  No.  Not unless you need a specific feature, like RAID or a specific audio/lan/wifi/bt chipset, like if you're making a hackintosh build. 
  Related question: would it still be advantageous to use a usb 3.0 device with usb 2.0 ports? Does it max out the 2.0 interface? 
  I can't seem to figure out if you can control fans hooked up to a fan hub via PWM but power everything using the PSU... I don't want to draw too much power from the MOBO header... 
 It wouldn't work, the PWM provides data on how fast the fan is spinning that the source uses to regulate the speed of the fan. If the PWM sensor isn't providing the voltage it cannot control this. 
 the fans have a third line that carries a logic level switching signal that they apply to an onboard transistor though don't they? i don't think the mobo itself generates a 12v pwm signal. 
 I think you're right, PWM works by having a pulse that is separate from the voltage provide the control, right? It may well work. 
    I envisioned a setup where the hub is connected to the PSU for power and the motherboard header is connected to the hub but only for the signal (the hub wouldn't draw any power from the mobo). 
 well the pwm starts out as a generated square wave that's at most 5 volt and has little ability to source current. at some point that signal is applied to a high speed transistor to switch a higher current supply. that could happen on the mobo or in the fan, but i assume it's the fan because that third wire has to do something. 
Can I set up a RAMdisk for my windows install and use an hd/ssd for storage? Or will i have to dump the windows RAMdisk to HDD every shutdown because of settings files? Just the core OS, everything else (besides essential apps) would be installed on a separate drive. Or is a RAMdisk only usable after booting into OS? 
Best resources for a person to learn Javascript through progressive projects?   When I search it up, usually the projects are either too easy or too advanced, and I'm just looking for some progression so I can expand my knowledge at a constant pace instead of learning colossal chunks at a time for a project. 
 you mean this? this would probably work. if for whatever reason the mobo shuts off the signal if it doesn't detect that it's providing power, then all that'll happen is your fans run full speed all the time.  it would be way easier to just hook all your case fans up to the same fan pins using a splitter. the mobo can probably source enough current to run 5 fans off one pin.  if your case has a fan hub though, like on the enthoo pro, then the case's manual will tell you what to do with it. 
 Is there any point to getting a USB3 Flashdrive if none of my usb ports are usb 3?  It might be cheaper per GB to get usb 3.  In the future you might get a usb3 computer. 
  Yeah that's pretty much it. If I get desperate I'll just run fans off the header. I just wanted to see if a fan hub would do this sort of thing. Thanks for the help so far. 
How would I go about splicing together a two port USB cable for using a HDD on a Pi?  Would it be hard? Do I run the risk of fucking my HDD? The HDD is also 3.0, so I assume I need to keep the data cable running on the 3.0 plug? 
No matter what, my headphone audio jack just doesn't seem to want to work.  I have Realtek, and I uninstalled and reinstalled, tried the front and rear audio jacks, i tried disabling my speakers, I tried using the standard default Windows sound drivers, i opened my computer and reattacked the cables for the front jack. I just don't know what to do anymore  Realtek detected the headphones and I've tried the headphones for other devices so I know neither are broken. I'm about to give up. I don't know what to do at this point.  I'm using Windows 7 btw. 
 Just get whichever is cheaper / has better reviews. USB3 is fucking pointless for flash drives nowadays since the flash drives aren't even close to fast enough to saturate even USB2. 
 have you tried the different settings in this menu? i don't know shit about audio but it's given me issues before 
How do I remove this dumb shit from my URL bar suggestions? 
  You deserve it. 
  
  Yeah, I tried that. Still doesn't seem to work. 
 You'd probably be changing the potential bottleneck from the drive to the port, yes. 
 No, it will run exactly at 2.0 speeds. 
I need a Matx (itx would do in a pinch) Socket 1155 board that supports overclocking, and doesn't cost a fortune   Where to look? Ebay is crazy overpriced   Might have to just buy a h61 and live with stock clocks until Zen / next big Intel thing 
 On another note, I assume the reason my external HDD plug into my Pi spins up and then makes a loud clicking noise before spinning up again and repeating it is because it's not getting sufficient power? 
  Just buy one, they're cheap as from any of the Chink sites 
Is there any way to adjust manually my laptop's brightness? It goes at max brightness and almost minimum every 10 sec.  It's like fading , not instantly. Only used windows 8.1 with all of the updates and adjusting brightness via windows or by laptop's hotkeys doesnt work efficiently. Brightness is ok at bios. Gpu drivers also ok. Any hints? except installing w10 or gentoo i mean 
 Any reason you're opposed to installing gentoo? 
 I can't find any y-cables with the 10-pin male plug 
I've been looking into ereaders and have decided on going for Kobo Aura or Kobo Aura HD. Are there any real differences aside from higher res?  I just have one question for anyone who owns it because I can't find the answer anywhere. Are the black borders reflective? Because if so that is a deal breaker for me 
I have USB headphones. Will they have better quality if I get a soundcard (PCI) but the headphones arent connected directly to it but connected to the motherboard ? 
 no 
 Thanks senpai, I had this question since I bought USB headphones and my friends told me that the mic was shit, then I tried them on a friend's PC who have a soundcard and the mic worked really good. 
 I know how you feel senpai 
 if you've got a USB cable with a choke on it, you might want to give that a shot. i don't think it'll make a difference but you never know. 
 this is where youtube reviews shine:  
 Who ever was seeding decided to stop uploading 
Built an mitx build specifically for school, web surfing, anime, and porn. Powered by Sempron 3850, 4gb ddr3 (1gb dedicated as vram) and 250gb SSD.  Even Linux Mint is a bit laggy at times. Is there a *buntu distro that is light weight? I don't want Arch or any DIY distros. Looking for something that will just werk. 
 Ok so it looks like I'm fine Thank you friend. I accidentally bought a tablet a while ago that was pretty reflective so I'd only use it at night and close my eyes when I knew the screen would go black. I don't want to have to deal with this again 
 What is this gif supposed to mean? 
 I had this issue: Device ManagerUninstall all sound drivers  Restart and test, if not update mobo drivers 
  you need wifi on 14.04: Connect it to ethernet, run system update once to get the wifi icon (nm-applet). If you have a broadcom card you might need to run Preferences - Additional Drivers once while connected to ethernet. 
Is software that measures your Hardware temprature bad for your pc/components?  The reason i ask, because for some reason i think that for software to acces this info it has to put extra stress on the hardware 
is there a consistent place to find noise/heating comparisons between different brands of the same graphics card?  i'm specifically looking at the r9 380. 
  is it a laptop or desktop 
 Lubuntu is that light weight? I mean Mint was only using like 750mb of ram out of the 3 left so it wasn't like I was running out.  Could the laginess be because of the sempron only supporting single channel ram? I mean I know the CPU is only 1.3ghz quad core, but I've had a C2D in a co-workers laptop run Mint better. 
  desktop 
In terminal, How come ls.txt | wc and wc  lst.txt do not print the same thing? 
  gentoo you fucking faggot 
  he's fat and doesn't want to look at his unaesthetic face when flipping pages on his hardcore mongolian mating diagrams 
 Not sure what is dumb in this..?  Anyway shift-delete usually works 
I have an ASUS ROG GL552VW-DH71.  Can I safely switch from Windows 10 to Windows 7 without some sort of incompatibility or any potential issues? 
 I have a Kobo and I am very satisfied with it. I personally have not noticed any reflectivity with the borders on my Kobo.  They're pretty sensitive though, I'd recommend a decent case to hold it. 
 are those screens e-ink like the old kindles, or just reflective rather than emissive? 
I'm on windows 7, pirated. Should I upgrade to 10? or what 
  Lubuntu ran perfectly on a 1.6 Ghz Atom/ 512 MB single-channel DDR-533 netbook (I've since updated the ram). After a cold boot it uses ~100 mb idling at the desktop.  Do you mean "it lags when I try to watch twitch while downloading porn and I have GIMP open + a music player and oh it's also a NAS and I have 3 pdfs and 8 tabs open with flash"?  Or "it lags just opening a file browser from a cold boot" 
 Which, in non-nerd speak = max out the port 
 e-ink, and I wouldn't have it any other way.   The best part about Kobos is that you can convert text and pdf files, and load them into it. If you pull the trigger, utilize that feature. It's really nice. 
 If you can, do it. Wait a few weeks for updates though.  You'll more or less need to eventually anyway. 
Hey guys,  I just fucked up and spilled cola on my laptop... Tried to soak it up as fast as I could but it now won't start. Does that mean the component are fucked 100%, or is it worth a shot to open it up and clean it with alcohol? 
 if it died while wet then it's beyond saving. 
 Yep,  that's what I thought, sadly I couldn't take away the battery (ultrabook) so I just plugged it off and prayed 
 Don't try to start it up again until at least tomorrow: that's something you don't do with wet electronics.  Remove battery, and open it up tomorrow. 
 (nevermind the part about the battery then) 
 RIP.  You could try putting it in a bag of rice and leaving it for 24h.  But chances are, it's a goner mate. 
 Can't remove battery,  and it happened yesterday,  I let it sit upside down on absorbant paper for 24h first 
 Yeah it's looking pretty grim  I'd still open it, you never know.  And you could also take your hdd/ssd 
 Yeah  I'll savage the ssd and the ram I guess 
could anyone help with my script for class? its used to disable usbs on stuff. 
Alright if my pc burned out does the hdd burnout as well? My dad left it and I tried turning it on. What's wrong? Sorry for making anyone cringe. 
Are Ruby and RoR memes or are they actually useful in industry? 
 rails and django are both used widely in webdev, but webdev itself is one massive meme 
 NO! 
  The very top entry. The "Visit whatever.com/" entry where it will bring you to the top page of the site.  But it's dumb, because if, for example, the only page on x.com you go to is x.com/y/z/, it will still display x.com/ as the top result. 
 This is true minus the fat part. I don't want to face the reality 
is a 4.4Ghz-1.264v overclock on a 4690k good or is the voltage too high? 
 Dude, you have to start taking care of yourself.  exfoliate+moisturize+sunscreen 
 oh god you poor thing 
If you connect to PIA before you use freenet or tor does it help in concealing your IP address? 
 I've tried before and it doesn't help all that much  I imagine it would. I'm not expert though 
 keep looking for something that works. hell save up money and go to a dermatologist if you have to. oh yeah, this it a tech board. 
 connecting to a VPN and then using Tor over it will conceal from your ISP the fact that you're using Tor. If you're using Tor to go back out to the clearnet, the place your visiting will still see your traffic coming from a Tor exit node. It's also possible to connect to Tor, and then connect to a VPN. This hides your IP from your VPN provider but not your ISP. Clearnet sites will see your traffic as coming from the VPN server.  Both of these have benefits and drawbacks, which you should consider in your threat model. Note that if you are using hidden services, your only choice is you - VPN - Tor, since the traffic never exits.   Remember that Tor is not safe if you have javascript enabled in the Tor browser. 
Does a burnt power supply/motherboard effect the storage? 
 Your PSU can kill your hard drive when it dies, if it's complete shit. It's easy to put the hard drive in another computer to see if it's fine though. It probably is. 
 Maybe. When a power supply dies it may do so benignly, leaving the rest of the system intact, or it may put out-of-spec voltages on its wires, which can kill various things that are connected to it. If it killed the motherboard, I wouldn't be surprised if it killed hard drives, too. Plug the drives into a working machine and try. If anything is failed shorted the good PSU should refuse to power up. 
From a gaming performance standpoint, is there much to be gained by upgrading from 8GB of 1600MHZ RAM to 16GB of 2133MHZ RAM? Will it increase framerates substantially in recent games like Just Cause 3, Fallout 4, GTA5, Arkham Knight, etc?  I could buy 16GB of DDR3 for $60 right now. I don't expect it to get much cheaper than that, but I'd still rather keep the money if there won't be any substantial difference for the next few years. 
    Not really, you'll just be able to load more textures. 
 The increase in capacity will make zero difference. The increase in frequency will make very little difference, broadly speaking 3 fps max. Be sure your mobo will take oc'd ram if you decide to buy it. 
 Thank you 
Are freenet,Tor, and I2p all the same thing? 
 No. Not even remotely close. Stay off of all three of them until you learn the differences. 
dose anyone know how to reflash pc duino 3b to Ubuntu  with lvd screen got the lvd to work but it wont download the ubunto off the usb drive 
 I just updated to Windows 10 on a not fully supported PC (Lenovo Ideacentre B320) I cant play minecraft due to a video card driver issue but there is no update  what do? 
Anyone know how to set up a VPN? I want to [spoiler]play games on Korean server.[/spoiler] 
T-Mobile or MetroPCS? 
 Same thing, metro is owned by tmo, so they use same towers. So check the prices in your area and pick the best one. 
 smack yourself for upgrading to Windows 10. That was stupid. wipe your drive and install Windows 7 
 Windows 10 isnt that bad.  Its clean and lightweight, aside from this I havent had any issues.  What do you think is wrong with it? 
 That's because they're made using utter shit parts.  Go look at some early usb2 drives that use better chips, they have better read/write speeds than most usb2/3 drives nowadays. 
  scroll to location bar only check what you want. 
 Your little prebuilt doesn't have drivers for 10, since once something is out of production, the company has no incentive to update it with new ones. They've made all the money they'll ever make out of you for that computer, so they want to stop spending any money on it, and actually would much prefer to use that non-support as a lever to get you to buy a new one.   Driver problems like this tend to happen quite a bit with machines like that when a new version is released. Build your own next time. Barring that, either deal with not being able to play that awful game, or go back to 7. 
Hi /g/uys,  I'm trying to practice some c++ by mentally figuring out some code snippets and then attempting to code them without reference  afterwards but I have come into a snag that I think I have absolutely no control over.  Basically, I'm on this page: whenever I click a link it always redirects me to the same project which is a snippet of code that declares a power function.  Could someone maybe check the links too and see if maybe it's just me? I would really appreciate it. 
 Fair enough 
 Put your mouse over each of them, and in the status bar you can see that some redirect back. about half work. 
How's the X230 for a cs major? I got a desktop for long work, but on the go is it a good choice? 
 Yeah I did that and went into firebug just to be sure. I was really just worried that maybe my request policy was messing with the links. Thanks for that. 
 I wouldn't carry anything worth over $1000 in the presence of CS freshmen. 
What's /g/'s opinion on VLC player? 
Does it make a program libre when it's registered under the apache license? 
 I have an x220t and it works perfectly for me. It can be a little sluggish if I try and treat like my desktop, but for general purpose computing it will do just fine. 
 there's literally no reason to use it because MPC HC exists 
 NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
  can this play weebems 
 yes  if god really cared about us though any of the dedicated image viewers would support weebms instead 
 there's literally no reason to use it because mpv exists 
When do you guys reckon Pascal will come out realistically?  Are you guys saving up for 4K? 
 ??? 
 That's the reaction what you get. 
  can those be used as an RTMP server? 
Do you store your scripts in ~/bin or ~/.local/bin? 
 are there any good 3.0 usbs that are like 8gb? i went on amazon and all the low space drives had shitty reviews that said they ran slower than a 2.0 equivalent 
  Make sure your speakers aren't muted when you plug the headphones in. 
  Newegg 
  ' good luck with that 
How do I decide when a phone is too old to purchase?  The iphone 6s has come out. Is it still OK to buy an iphone 5 (not 5s, 5)? 
 ...I run Linux Mint on an old single core Sempron LE-1250, with 2gb ddr2, on a 40GB HDD.  I don't know what your problem is, but it sounds like you might need to reinstall Mint completely, just to make sure you didn't get a bad install. 
Can I use an m.2 SSD in an m.2 to mPCIe adapter in a laptop that doesn't support mSATA? 
  kill self 
 NOOOOOOOO!!!!! 
  Here's a link to what i could find for cheap:     
 I might in a few years. For now I want an iphone.  How do I determine it for any phone though? 
Is it true that Macs are better? 
 for what? 
 yes they just work 
 Video editing like for youtube let's plays My lappy take soo long to upload 
is there any reason to buy a non-K 4690, when the price difference is $5? 
RAID-0 SSD - 840 Pro 120gb  how can i update the firmware without breaking my data. Setting BIOS to AHCI, loading a live CD and hope it works? 
  no, no reason to skip the K, might OC some day. 
 as far as i can see the mobo selection for memelakes is nearly nonexistant 
is there a way to control ncmpcpp from systemtray? 
 My local store has two pages of Z170X and i live in the mid east. i took a GA-Z170X-Gaming 5 
Blender, Maya or Rhinoceros? I would of course prefer Blender because it's free, but are there valid reasons why i should choose another programm?  I would use it for 3D-Prints and short presentation clips of my uni projects (starting to study product design). No games or 5min films. 
 autodesk products are the most bloated things ever to grace the earth.  go with blender. it's unintuitive at first but you'll get it. 
I have headphones which were connected to my sound card in the back of my tower. All of the sudden the line in for the microphone stopped working on Skype (and other programs like audacity and teamspeak). If I unplug the headsets including the usb and connect it all to the front of the computer into the realtek audio ports and the usb slot it works fine. Normally this issue would be fixed but since I have two usb ports in the front and one of them is used by the headset I have one left next to it. I play most my games with a Xbox controller but when I plug it in to the usb port next to the headset it starts causing static then the headset glitches out and makes a repeating pitching noise that is very loud and cannot be fixed until I reboot my computer or unplug the audio cords and usb enough and the headset decides to work again. Is there any way to get my sound card to work with Skype again so I can continue using my controller without my headset blowing up?  Some things that might contribute to the problem and hopefully fix it.  I'm using windows 7  I have not update Skype in forever so it's obviously not an update issue  My sound card is an ASUS Xonar DG  My headsets are Turtle Beaches x12s  It's an Xbox one controller  I have also not had to do anything driver related when I hooked up these things, Except for the driver cd for the sound card when I installed it. The headsets and controller automatically downloaded drivers or just worked when first connected. 
Just updated to those new crimson drivers but it didn't even run stable for 10 minutes until i got the first "radeon settings host application has stopped working" message, lel. This has NEVER happened before, so the problem lies 100% with the shitty new drivers.   Haven't tested yet whether it lets me play vidya without crashing but i'm assuming the crash only affects the new crimson control centre, at least i hope it does  Anyone know when amd will bring out a fix or do they really just don't give a fuck about their win7 drivers being broken? According to their forums there's shittons of people on win7 who have experienced the exact same bug for weeks now without those shitheads bothering to bring out a proper fix.   Should i just do a rollback to the old drivers now? I have a hd7850 if that helps 
 how hard is it to write fucking drivers? they have the full fucking hardware documentation. 
How to keep writing outside of quotation marks without using the mouse or arrow keys?  When I for example write a string, the editor auto completes the the second quotation mark and I can write within them. But how do I keep writing outside the string without moving my hand to the mouse or arrow keyes? 
Nevermind gw seems to run stable but in case of BSOD i'll do a rollback to the old june CCC drivers 
 disable autocomplete  keep it for brackets if you can though 
 I want to keep auto complete. Same thing goes for brackets and all things that are auto completed. There must be an easier way.  Ctrl + Enter for example creates a new line, but ignores the cursor position and doesn't disrupt the line it was currently in. 
 There should be something like Ctrl + Space to jump to the next cursor position. 
 most editors should jump if you manually close the quotation marks or braces, so they won't add another, but assume you wanted to close it and just skip it. 
 Yes, i'm doing well with it atm Thanks 
 I feel like I barely learned anything almost coming out of my 2year systems program   What should 100% know by now to be in the systems field or network technician etc   My program incorporates some of everything, we have windows server, networking, databases, some intro to security, exchange... Etc  I suppose this is more for a careers thread but I'm always afraid I don't know enough whe  it comes to technology since there is so much to know and so much that is advancing.  The only thing I've noticed gaining more knowledge around technology is the majority of /g/ pisses me off with misinformation and really entry level content. Usually just about consumerism. And a lot of programming which isn't my forte 
 Also utorrent is usually black listed and win10 is starting to get black listed by trackers 
  why 10 in particular? not like the government needs a botnet on every computer to see who's pirating what. they've got the isps for that. 
 Who i am inside? 
 A c͏uckold. 
 Basically going full /g/ tinfoil hat   
 Sometimes k series don't have vt-d 
My WiFi for my desktop says it's connected with excellent strength, then a few second later or says no internet access but the signal is still excellent. Anybody know how to fix it? It's a PCIE WiFi card, not USB 
I just bought all of these components:  it necessary to get a fan for this as well (not overclocking) or am I fine? 
Is it bad to use a TV instead of a monitor? 
 is it possible to completely wipe android from my android phone and install linux on it ? so it will boot just like on a pc 
Will I be able to connect a 12864 Graphic LCD Display and an accelerometer to an arduino uno without any fancy Port expanders? I'm considering building a seismograph as my first arduino project but don't know shit about arduinos 
Sold my 960 to one of my friends, it is running shitty tho. Ram en cpu bottlenecks are highly unlikely. He had a 5770 before this. Is this a software problem ? Can I run it software already showed 1 gb vram so that is making me think it's software fucking it up. Any suggestions? 
I have a spare ~$250 that I want to spend on /g/ related stuff, but I don't know what. Somebody recommend something before I invest in something stupid like a PS4.  My current setup: i7-4790K MSI GTX 970 8GB RAM XFX P1-750B-BEFX 750W Asus Z97-A ATX mobo 2TB of HDD space 512GB of SDD space (Samsung 840 PRO as boot drive) Fractal R4 case CM Hyper 212 EVO (Not interested in CLC) Two 1080p TN Asus monitors, one 144hz, the other 60hz. I want to stick to 16:9 or 16:10. 
Is there any better motherboard than an Asus H81 PLUS for a similar price? 
I have a problem with my graphics card drivers on my laptop. The screen is all fucked up right now. I tried reinstalling Windows with a fresh install, but it crashes every time at the "installing drivers" section and gives me a "TDR_VIDEO" error. I tried booting Linux, which at least work, but the screen is still fucked up. Is there a way to set the system back completely or any other way to fix this issue? 
 Type this again,and be more clear 
Why are the servers still stored on earth? Why isn't everything stored in space at this point? 
 slow. costs. 
I have no idea which monitor to get. I'm building a new PC (R9 390 GPU) but want to upgrade in the future to 4k and better GPU.  Should I buy 1440p/144Hz/60Hz or 4k?  I don't really play many games competitively.  The ASUS PB278Q 4k is cheaper than 1440p so I have no idea at all. 
Is there any difference between a DAC and Amp vs an external audio card from sound blaster? 
i have android 4.4.2 and my wifi randomly stops working  send help 
I accidentally change my .txt file extension to open regedit and now it's impossible to get it back to notepad++  Any ideas how to fix it? 
 It costs about $10,000 to $20,000 to launch one kilogram into space, depending on the orbit High latency due to signal travel times Radiation Cold Etc 
 What? Is this a trick question? Just change it back. 
 What benefit would there be in putting servers in space? 
 I can't. It's greyed out. Even tried it with a third party program and nothing happened. 
Sup /g/  I have a couple hard disks I want to nuke before recycling them.  Should I use DBAN's default autonuke (3 pass DoD), something lighter or something heavier?  There is nothing absolutely critical on the drives, but still, it's a bunch of personal data I don't want some random dudes to recover...  What are the best practices according to you guys? 
 One pass is sufficient, but also pointless if you're just going to just trash the drive since you could just have fun with a hammer. 
 Did you try running Notepad++ in administrator mode and registering it that way? Also, which third party program? Types works quite well for this. 
 one pass of zeroes or a random number?  I'd gladly take a hammer to the disks but I have many of them, and some of them are next to impossible to open because the screws are really tight and my screwdriver is stripping cones into them. Not worth the effort IMHO (but I AM recovering the rare earth magnets from the other ones) 
 It mostly depends on how large your tinfoil hat is. One pass is enough, three passes is more than enough, and Gutmann method is about as thick as your tinfoil hat can get.  If you want to be certain to remove the information and hammering them would be too tedious, you could heat them up to around 1000K, at which point they would lose their magnetic properties until cooled, removing the possibility for information to be stored on them. 
 Single pass of zeros is plenty, IIRC the best recovery methods using an electron microscope have AT BEST 60% accuracy on recovery PER BIT (10 percent better than just guessing) so the chances of recovering even a single byte are essentially zero. 
I love the look of server/media racks like you'd see in old sci-fi movies and such, but I have almost no need for such a thing nor ability to create a functioning system. That said, oscilloscopes and blinking lights turn me on.  Just thought I'd say that. 
  Yeah. I mean no program works. Not just Notepad++.  Think it was just called "Default Programs Editor".  Types is giving me this which seems odd. 
 Intel 
Is there a good packpack for electronics that isn't a laptop bag? Something with a bunch of little pockets and compartments for holding shit like external hdds, thumb drives, headphones, etc. 
  OK, thank you guys. One pass it is. 
 Damn, I was kind of hoping you would go for the incinerator route. No one ever does. 
So I'm building a PC for someone and they don't want "HAXOR CRACKED WINDOWS" but to keep the build cheap, I didn't include windows, it was a very fragile situation when it comes to pricing. So I'm gonna pirate that shit anyways and haven't pirated since W7 with the loader. Is there any way to easily pirate W10 directly or do I have to install W7 first, activate it with the loader, and then install W10 with the key? I'd love to pirate it directly to mislead the person. 
 Pirate W7, install all updates, upgrade to W10. You now have a legitimate W10 key. 
 I understand I can do that. I was curious about a direct windows 10 crack. 
 I don't think one exists, but you could do the previous step to get a legitimate W10 key, then install directly to their computer using the key. To them it would just look like you're installing Windows. 
 On my bucket list is a plan to build a system with a kill switch that ignites a pad of thermite over each of my HDDs  However once I finally get to it I'll have nothing but SSDs in my machines...  Thermite would be overkill, what system could I use to near-instantly kill an SSD? 
 Correct me if I'm wrong, but wouldn't an EMP wipe an SSD? You could just rig one of those to a killswitch. Wouldn't be quite as dramatic as thermite, but should accomplish the same objective. 
 reset your wifi 
  What kind? I take it you're not talking about the kind that requires a nuclear detonation to operate... 
 Well, if you're going all out... I'm not an electrical engineer, nor have I researched this topic much. I just heard that you can relatively easily set up a device that will generate an EMP strong enough to wipe out small electronics. Hook up your PSU to that and it might be strong enough to wipe the drive.  This might be all bullshit, I don't really know. I think using thermite would be more fun. 
Why does Firefox suck so much ass on windows 
  I'm not trying to be mean here, just passing on some advice I was given that I wish had been given sooner as I was in the same boat as you. It's time to cut it all off m8. You don't necessarily need to take a Schick to it, but buzz with a 1/8th inch or 1/4th inch guard. It takes some getting used to, but trust me, being bald is better than being balding/receding. It's like a band-aid, you just have to commit to it.  Also, see  +  sticky.     
Is PS2 Port hotswap a myth? 
 lol I'd love to hear more on this  even though it's a terrible idea (destruction of evidence) and even worst if thermite (hurrr you a terrorist because of your explosives (even though thermite isn't an explosive)) 
 should be able to build an electromagnet for relatively cheap with a trip to the hardware store and a car battery 
 an electromagnet, IF strong enough (bear in mind that there are very powerful rare earth magnets in HDDs) could wipe a hard disk.  But an SSD? To my understanding of physics, it would do nothing. Except when the magnetic field builds up, there MIGHT be a generation of current in some PCB traces, but with no guarantee that it'll fry anything memory-related. 
Can you rice Windows 8.1 64? 
Looking to buy a new monitor, preferably 144hz. I have a gtx 660m and it's supposed to support DVI-D but my PC only has HDMI and VGA. Is there anything I can do to get 144hz, or should I just buy a 60hz monitor? 
 Pace yourself and get through large chunks one step at a time. Make plenty of notes and get your googler ready.  You would be surprised what you come up with. 
  
   My understanding is that you're supporting my argument, right? In both cases, thank you for helping me understand these things. 
 Yes, supporting. 
What is wrong with this code? Trying to create a chess board patrern. 
 you should use for loops. you should always use braces, otherwise you'll end up like apple. 
  Misread that and thought it said "here is your review, sunshine" Kek'd so points for you for me being retarded 
I'm started learning elixir which is a functional language and has immutable data, I'm not 100% sure what that means since I can set a = 1 and then a = 2 which will be 2 when a is called 
is haskel hard to learn ? 
what is a good am3 socket cpu for around 100$ and a 430w psu for around 40-55$ 
 is Pluto a planet? 
What's the most reliable hard drive brand? And I should stick to under 2tb to be safe, right?  Also, I ran badblocks on my WD MyPassport and it had around 9 million bad blocks or so. Can this be fixed or is it dead? I can still pull files from it and they aren't corrupted. 
posted in   What's the best 120GB ssd around now? I have an 840 EVO running windoes, but I'm gonna dual boot arch. 
 For the PSU, id go with a Corsair CX430 
     
 sorry i meant 4tb haha what a big mistake  120GB for OS, 2tb for programs, etc... 
Tried to root my phone (Note 4, T-Mobile), followed the instructions to a T, and it is now stuck in a reboot-loop. Tried to factory reset it through holding home, power, and vol up, and flashing with ODIN (I couldn't get PDA to add the recovery file, wouldn't show up in the menu). What do I do now? 
 install gentoo 
Probably a question beyond the regular stupidity here  But if I have a program that I run on my win 7 desktop (Image-Line FL Studio), can I transfer that program to my win 8 laptop? 
 yeah, probably. 
 alright thanks any recommendations on the cpu 
  add these   
  Add the directory to $PATH  export PATH=/home/user/bin:$PATH 
  Stock Intel coolers run well enough. If you have a little more cash pick up a well rated $20 heatsink+fan. 
  This mostly.    Light travels at least 30% faster in vacuum so not necessarily true. 
The signal from/to 3.5mm jacks are the same right? Could I plug a 3.5mm output into a mic port and have it record my output that way? 
 if you're asking if you can use a speaker as a mic, then no 
 I'm asking if having a 2cm cable going out one port and in the other would allow me to pick up my speaker output on that mic port 
 ah, gotcha, I believe the answer is yes, either way it's not gonna fuck shit up so no harm in trying 
  mics are usually mono so you will probably only get one channel (left) 
 1440p monitor mechanical keyboard good headphones external DAC 
Putting a fast Micro SD vs a slow one in my android phone makes any difference?  Which brand is best?, by the way. 
    why is there even cpu? like oh my shit its a 8 core 4ghz and everyone be like wow that awesome while oh my shit 1250mhz gpu OH SHIT NIGGA HOW???? 
 How do you plan on doing anything without running your OS? 
 i mean why not just substitute cpu with another gpu? or just change the cpu architecture to resemble a gpu 
Hey /g/,  I'm using Webm for Retards which works just fine. However, I want to get it to automatically make several 1 min webm out of the same source which is about 45 min or so rather than what I do now which is manually tell it to go 1 min ahead and encode each one which takes forever.  How do I get it to do this? 
I just plugged in my new 970 and the fans were running at ~6-8% idle (~60c). I downloaded EVGA Precision to tweak the fan curve, but when I close the program my fans turn off. I can see them going to 0% in GPU-Z and I've confirmed that they stop spinning. As soon as I reopen EVGA Precision, the fan speeds return to the specified curve I've set. I can manually set fan speed to a static number and close the program just fine, but otherwise they go back to 0%. I've tried resetting to default within EVGA Precision, but that also sets fan speeds back to 0%.  I really want to uninstall EVGA Precision because of this, but I'm afraid that my fans will drop to 0% when I do. Is there any way to reset my fan curve to what it was when I first plugged the card in? 
Me  @echo off  :W if %time%==04:58:00.00 goto :X goto :W  :X shutdown.exe /s /f /t 60 /c "Shutting down, 5 AM"  Will this work? 
''   ?? 
 free ram bruh 
anyone knows why win 8/8.1 has the tendency to fuck up the Task Manager? I mean after a whilethe TM fails at shuting down the machine... it just keeps waiting for the TM...  anyone knows if this is created by bad registry entries or it is just fault of the OS? 
  That's not how math works 
Getting ARP attacked on my local network, what can I do about it other than resetting the router? 
When can i have my own android 18 my soul cant take the wait 
  Check your energy directives and update your upnp monitor drivers.  Also remove the battery and see what happens. 
 Truthfully, no. It's a meme as old as time. They used to have photoshop optimized for them back on powerpc, but that's more the strength of ppc.   The only one that can handle video editing better than a 5 year old thinkpad is the mac pro, which is designed to fucking work and do live streaming and non-linear video editing all day every day without any bullshit getting in the way. The rest of the current lineup is worthless. 
 ram gets loose. You probably shook it loose when you were cleaning it, it doesn't take much. Happens all the time on laptops. 
Is there any hope of  buying a decent laptop for 300 bucks? Some recommendations? 
 How decent? You aren't going to be playing vidya, so it's a question of how much vidya you aren't going to be playing. A used thinkpad t420/t430/t5xx will serve you well for that price. 
How to connect 4 of   to one 220 input 
 
 
  wow enjoy your privacy intrusions and getting keked by google you pleb 
You've got bigger problems if you think you have privacy using Windows or OS X. 
Google tracks you exactly the same in incognito, it just doesn't make the logs locally accessible so another user on your PC can see it. 
the only thing incognito does is not storing cookies and deleting the history after you close the window. it is utterly useless.  google will still track you, websites will still track you, the nsa will still record your data. it was literally made for normalfags to watch stream porn and that's it.  enjoy your false sense of security 
baited hard 
 
 
  Y-you're joking right? 
    Oh the ironing 
why? 
 the only good matrix is the first one 
whyyyy 
 This 
bump 
    Don't give in to the power of the dark side of the force. 
 are you saying that the pirate has a wider frame? if that's true then where does the pirate come from? 
  wrong, the other two films go into a lot more detail of the fictional universe 
  the wider shots are better composed. the "piratebay" version is for idiots who think film should cater to television aspect ratio. 
  that is the real question. the gladiator rip come from a canadian tv rip. so they must had a special file to fully fit the 16/9 tv screen. but normally they do that by cropping/zooming the file. here it is the opposite!!! 
 piratebay" version is for idiots who think film should cater to television aspect ratio OP here, I mad the screenshot myself, its not a fake pic. And idiots no, because you can see more on the pirated version ! 
    unfortunately retards like  think that having cut off heads is good cinematography. 
 amen 
 you can have the same height of view as muh 4:3 but at the same time expand in the horizontal direction 
the blu ray is the original anamorphic, the piratebay version is the broadcast aspect ratio 
first pic of the gladiator full 16/9 TVRIP. its from canada 
 Because one was taken from the original bluray release and one was taken from the imax bluray rerelease? What the fuck is this picture trying to convey? 
  so does it mean you can find broadcast aspect ratio of any movies? I prefer this format a lot! 
 But they didn't. That's the point of this thread. 
 hes saying that's not what the director intended retard. 
 no because allot of film makers refuse. 
 oh I see meep 
 
from doom9 :  can anybody explain why we can sometime find different aspect ratios for the same movie? For exemple, Gladiator is listed on imdb as a having a 2.35 : 1 aspect ratio.  when the movie aired on TV it had a 1.78 aspect ratio! How come??!!  I have 2 screenshots from the DVD and my HDRip of the same scene that shows what I'm talking about. We can clearly see that the movie was shot in 1.78 and not 2.35. We are losing about 1/5th of picture with the theatrical or DVD version so do you know why the movie technicians would have cropped it?   It is normal these days in the blockbuster movie industry to shoot in 2.35:1 aspect ratio for theatrical release but to frame scenes so as to be able to make a release for TV or home use in 16:9. Indeed all the essential action will be within a 4:3 frame..... It varies from country to country but generally the public don't like black bars on their 16:9 screens - so the decision is a marketing one. A sad marketing decision albeit but finally it's the $$$$ that count. In Europe and Australia most films are shown in their original aspect ratio on TV if the distributors supply that format .  For more details on the history science and philosophy of aspect ratio go to the Widescreen Museum  
bluray 
bev mpeg2 
  this is how i know that you are underage. 
 you "think" I am underage because I know how photography (and spelling) work? 
 Don't bother. Hes clearly retarded. 
Actually noticed this today. What is up with that? 
my next goal in life is to find as much as possible good movies in 1.78 ratio 
God i fucking hate 2.35:1  Looks absolutely stupid and all for what? So some faggot director can be all edgy and try to get some head from his edgy director friends?  I want to watch a fucking movie, not look through the eye slats of ned kellys fucking armor 
  
  
 AMEN!  its 2016 soon, fill up my 60inch screen 
   Wait, is someone trying to imply that there were sequels, or something?  Because there weren't.  If you think so, then you're wrong.  The Matrix was a completely self-contained story with nothing left to tell. 
 lol 
  
 This is why I love you anon. We always agree. 
 Turning a solid stand alone "question everything" cerebral action movie into a money grab american king fu cyber lite adventure 
   Hey guys what meme is this? 
  Well, goy, it's your choice. You can either buy the circumcised version for $40 or pay $10,000 in fines to see the full, uncut version of the film. 
 Don't go full retarded, OP. 
  Exactly the same. 
 fines are just there for the shitskins burning and selling them 
 hang on, if they make a 1.78 version because home users don't want to see bars... why in the holy fuck are the dvd/bluray releases in 2.35?  lets make a home-friendly version then release the cinema version to homes" 
  you must be retarded if you think less screen=better because the director is a fucking idiot, like you. 
   The only thing I see is 16:9 vs 21:9 or am I missing something?  You're losing a lot of vertical space. 
  The first one was psuedo intellectual bullshit that everybody seems to think is much deeper than it actually is. The sequels weren't any better or worse in terms of that, just everybody who thinks the first movie is the only good one seem to have the odd belief that they are worse.  I liked all 3 movies. But because they were all cool stylish action flicks. 
 One has 1/3 of the content cut out with black bars you dumbass 
  b-b-b-but thats the directors artistic vision! to have you see two big black bars! 
 Not only is it badly cropped, but it has an ugly sharpening filter too. 
So if movies are mainly distributed through Blu-ray for high resolution, which have the bars, where do these versions with more vertical space come from? 
THE HUMAN EYE CAN'T SEE ABOVE CINEMATIC 30FPS 
So let's assume that the bluray editions have cropped out video, where as the pirated versions which are likely ripped from blurays have more information. How is this extra information being magicked into existence? 
  kek 
 Yup. All other crops should be made from the 21:0 one, not the other way around. 
  I bet you're american. 
   how's being part of the botnet like? 
 colossal retard detected 
 The director almost certainly shot at 24fps and didn't think it was shit, so his opinion can be immediately discarded.  But not all directors are total idiots, eg. I have a DVD copy of Robocop in director approved 1.66:1 ratio (open matte from 1.85:1 theatrical release). 
 you're the one saying directors are wrong. thats there fucking job. why not recut the film as well? 
 I wouldn't be watching any questionable chinese cartoons on it if I was you friend 
  go back to your games faggot. 
 It's possible that some people are so slow they really do think 24fps looks good. "Room temperature IQ" isn't just a joke. Who's helping you post on 4chan? 
 DVD.  Notice how all these comparison screenshots are low resolution? It's so you can't tell that the 16:9 ratio ones have much less detail. 
Anybody else notice how piratekikes have absolutely shit taste? 
 if only the godfather had ten more frames per second it would be a masterpiece. 
 34fps is still too slow. 60fps should be the bare minimum, and 120fps for action movies. 
 I wouldn't know. Never been there. 
 why? you're not the one shotting. 
 Because it's supposed to be a "motion picture", not a fast slideshow. 24fps can't show anything faster than static camera talking scenes without breaking up. 
  it was never stand alone, they did a fuckton of world building in the later two films, the problem is that they stretched a script meant for one film into two films and didn`t elaborate enough.  Doesn`t matter any more, I find Fight Club and Dark City to be a million times more re-watchable, now that the novelty of CGI has wore off and many scenes reveal their flaws in the Matrix Trilogy. In fact I prefer the Animatrix to the trilogy. 
 allot of films do it to capture a feeling like the grand budapest hotel. 
 bluray" version but only have the "piratebay" version:    
 film look" scam  Imagine if TV got color before film did, all the film retards would be going on about how black and white is more atmospheric or some bullshit. 
 Fucking this, you can get the imax version on blue ray 
  24fps is fine for action if the camera remains more or less static  24 fps goes to shit with the shaky camera effect, zooming in and general motion of the camera, like for instance anything Michael Bay created, who is undeniably a shit cinematographer. 
 just got home from the thearters. im so use to seeing 30+fps in games and tv now that when i saw a 24fps thing i was thinking the frame rate is countable.   when we had film as a limiting factor, sure, 24 fps was good enough, but now that we be digital, there is no excuse for anything less than 60, and its tough to argue that 120 wouldn't be better. 
 but Im not saying one looks better than the other. they both look different and film makers now that 
 it definitely can be, remember, you light a black and white set differently than color, so it brings out a different feel through lighting alone. 
 You can get that version on Kat too. 
  HDTV broadcasts.  They often utilize an "open gate" format that allows more of the image recorded on the film to be seen.  Some say this impinges on the artistic integrity of the film, some prefer to have their screen filled. 
 Whats wrong with black and white? 
 I mean if your trying to make an argument that pirating is cheaper then i'm not sure why we are talking. Of course pirating things is gonna be cheaper. 
 Tv watchers are the same retards that use pan and scan and lose half the picture because they want a filled screen. 
i bought a dvd on the strength of a nude scene once. tv version showed pussy, dvd version was cropped. never again 
Only time I get bent about aspect rations is when it fucking changes throughout the movie. Fucking Interstellar changes like 6 times. 
  It literally can't show action. You can't have realistic fight scenes because if you punch somebody at full speed it will be over in a single frame so you won't see any motion. Why do you think movie fight scenes have those stupid sound effects?   Exactly. 24fps is an obsolete cost cutting measure, not an artistic choice.   Film makers blindly use 24fps because they're too dumb to think for themselves.   Film got color before TV, so they don't have to pretend it's shit to avoid looking bad. Black and white movies actually are an artistic choice, because unlike with frame rate there's no industry wide conspiracy to suppress that choice.   It provides less information than color, just like low frame rate provides less information than normal frame rate. Imagine if all films were black and white and people said color was "soap opera effect" just because TV had color first. 
 4:3 pan may have been required for the time, but they sure are on to something with wanting the most of their HDTV by removing that extra space with no horizontal scene loss. 
I love how the hobbit looked at 48FPS, is that available on blue ray? With the higher frame rate? 
 No there isn't any reason to wasn't to watch something not in its original aspect ratio unless there is a new hd remaster of it. 
 What about black and white photographer? If directors wont more "information" they can have it. it's their choice. 
 if you think a film maker is dumb then don't watch their films. 
 ''  fun fact though, punches are usually that fast that you won`t see much motion anyways. Just try it yourself, do a whipping motion with your hand and see how much of the motion is visible. 24 fps is fine. 
   
 Yes, it really is a choice in that case. It's not all forced to be the same like frame rate it.   120fps can show real punches. 
Art is Art... 
   I strongly doubt that, unless we`re talking slow motion, which is one of the reasons got popular in the first place, because it allowed you to see motion in detail. 
 if you think fps look different then why cant it be a choice as well? if the film is meant to look old then it would only have 24 fps.  you've got it the wrong way round. it would be more like taking it off the frame to see what we weren't meant to see. 
 class="quote">His average punching speed was measured out at 25mph (40km/h) - giving opponents less than one tenth of a second to move out of the way.  Which is 12 frames at 120fps, which is plenty to show the whole trajectory. But at 24fps it's only 2 frames, which hardly counts as "motion". And very fast punches are even faster than that. 
  There are no full length movies at 60fps or higher. The best we have so far is 48fps (and not even true 48fps, but 2*24fps for each eye), and that is very rare. There is no choice because of idiots talking about "soap opera effect". 
The blueray one has been re-matted to accommodate wider modern TV's   However, it was not re-framed, and so its just chopping of chunks of the top and bottom original to achieve the matting.   This is the most lazy way to re-mat and its very  common. 
 your brain fills in the gap.  pointing out that films only gos to 48fps doesnt answer the question. im saying they dont use 48 fps to make it look old. 
  If I wanted by brain to fill in the gaps I'd read a book.   No, they don't use 48fps (or better) because of stupid people complaining about "soap opera effect". 
 '  your brain fills the gap anyways, all you see is a series of flashing lights projected unto a 2D surface nigga, the rest is the brain doing its magic 
  this is the weakest argument against better quality, you can use it literally in any case  it is true, but that doesn't make the lower quality option any more enjoyable 
 ' you're not conscious of it. 'soap opera effect". you're the only one bring up the "soap opera effect" argument. im saying some do it to make it look old.  i didn't say it was more enjoyable. 
   it`s not an argument against better quality, it`s an argument if "better quality" is relevant when the effect is marginal at best. 
  even if the motion is blurry, 60fps blur is still much nicer to track/watch than 24fps blur  track is a keyword here, if something is so fast that it moves across the screen in only a few frames, it can be very hard to track its movement with your eyes 
  I honestly can barely tell apart games that run at 30 fps with motion blur enabled and 60 fps without 
 that's fine, and i'm sure plenty will agree with you, but many people can tell the difference 
 The problem is that in order to add realistic looking blur to 60fps recording you need to do it in post because you don't have enough shutter time to play around with when you are taking that many frames in a second, which means more work. 
 ' I'm almost always conscious of the low frame rate when I watch a movie. In some cases (eg. Rec) it completely spoils my enjoyment of the movie, because Rec was obviously shot in 50i and deinterlaced+slowed to 24p. The whole time I was thinking "you idiots, you fucked up the deinterlace".   Nobody does that, because it would require a "new" look to exist for comparison (beyond a few rare cases eg. The Hobbit).    It's not. I've watched Showscan film. The difference is huge.   Modern sensors have great sensitivity. You can take decent night shots with a hand-held micro 4/3rds camera. Lack of shutter time is no longer an excuse. 
 Whoever made this image is an idiot. The "Black Bars" seen on movies is because the film was framed in a 2:35.1 aspect ratio, but because TVs are 16x9 there is space between the screen and image. They don't just crop movies for shits and gigs. 
  It wasn't. It was filmed in 16x9 and then cropped for the theatre/bluray release. The TV version is the original. 
 new" look to exist for comparison (beyond a few rare cases eg. The Hobbit). the new look may not exist yet but it wouldn't stop a film like the grand budapest hotel looking dumb in 48fps.  because that was the artistic intent. inb4 ' it is. 
 even mspaint is a botnet 
 but sometimes its not even that bad this way, mad max for example was really good in this ratio 
 Yes the film IS cropped because if it's film or digital non shoot in a native 2:35.1 frame. The cinematographer has bars on his monitor to frame the image then they crop it in post. The same if the movie was shot on 35mm film, which if it's Super 35 then the aspect ratio is more like 4:3 so even if you like the "Non Cropped" version it has still been cropped from what was originally recorded. It all comes down to artistic intent and how the film makers want the film to look. 
 The other has more content cropped out to remove those black bars 
  I loved that the first Avengers was 1.78. Sadly the sequel is 2.35 
qBittorrent v3.3.1 has been released just now!  DOWNLOAD LOG   FEATURE: FEATURE: New "Set as default label" option in Add torrent dialog. (takiz)  FEATURE: Support wildcards for filtering torrent list and torrent content (vlakoff)  BUGFIX: Fix -1 is displayed instead of the infinity symbol (Chocobo1)  BUGFIX: Fix scan dirs settings saving. Closes #4254, #4239, #4187. (glassez)  BUGFIX: Exported torrents now use name instead of hash. Closes #4205. (glassez)  BUGFIX: Improve upgrade to v3.3.0. Now undownloaded magnets will be migrated too. Fixes #4195. (glassez)  BUGFIX: Fix wrong encoding for listen failed error message. (glassez)  BUGFIX: Fix RSS not automarking articles as read. (glassez)  BUGFIX: Fix possible deadlock during application exit. (sledgehammer999)  WEBUI: Cookies support on WebUI when downloading torrent from a URL. (Naikel Aparicio)  WEBUI: Modified download and upload windows to allow autocompletion of browsers. (Naikel Aparicio)  WEBUI: Fixed the spinner in the WebUI upload page. (Naikel Aparicio)  WEBUI: Modified height of the WebUI download page. (Naikel Aparicio)  WEBUI: Fixed all the JavaScript functions for download and upload pages. (Naikel Aparicio)  WEBUI: Add seeds tab to WebUI (buinsky)  WEBUI: Bump WebUI API_VERSION.  COSMETIC: Cleanup "Trackers", "Peers", "HTTP Sources", "Speed" and "Content" page layout (Chocobo1)  COSMETIC: Reduce mainwindow border width (Chocobo1)  COSMETIC: Use QLineEdit built-in ClearButton (Qt5 only) (Chocobo1)  COSMETIC: Change text description for half-open connection (Chocobo1)  OTHER: Change update URL to FossHub. Closes #4188. (sledgehammer999) 
  Hopefully for real this time. 
STALLED T A L L E D 
 Found the chrome user. 
 Have they fixed the rss feed not listening to things I mark as must not include? 
 FUCK STALLWARE USE DELUGE OR 2.2.1 
 64bit build when?  Also inafter tech illiterates with their 2.2.1 garbage. 
  
Ugly icon pack/set.  I still use it over µTorrent though. 
   Pegate un tiro negro 
  
 You don't even know what the updates are for.  Why update software that is working?  Dipshit. 
 What are change logs for you literate fuck? 
 at least Windows doesn't look like a bootleg iOS and isn't mainly used by parrot fuckers 
  i never update until i need to or doing a fresh install. i disable updates on literally everything. 
  ' lol 
  Exhaled loudly through my nose 
 Fuck off, paid Winshill, your OS is dying and you'll be out of a job soon. 
 YOU. HAVE. A. Y. CHROMOSOME. 
  1.2% market share  mmmhhmmm. 
  Automatically updating your applications is stupid. Even on Android.  Automatically updating your applications on Loonix is even more stupid, seeing how every update could potentially break your entire system on Loonix 
 Kek nice meme, but srs God isn't real :^) 
 I use Chrome and qBittorrent. Hate me.   Good Windows programs do notify the user of available updates, including qBittorrent. Just because the OS itself doesn't do it doesn't mean that the result is any different. 
 
 prrooffss? 
3.3.x fucked my shit up. The stalling meme actually happened. I reverted back to 3.2.x and things were working out, but many torrents just broke leaving me to waste hours just rechecking them all to their respective folders. Fuck. I should have left you all dry and not seed. 
bloattorrent 
 why is it okay for OP to shill this shit but not okay when someone shills something else?  fucking tell me you hypocritical faggots 
  OMFG 
About time 
    meme/10 
 lmao 
  this is not quite how it works 
 They can't comprehend this. 
 
 Man this 'qstalled' meme has really gotten big since I last bothered to look.  I guess a lot of retards tried it, didn't know how to use it and went back to utorrent on their windows 7 machines so they can watch their cartoons with vlc and use itunes to listen to their weeb music. 
   Then it's not a meme... 
 It's called qStalledmeme 
   that was hard 
 nice projection bruv 
        I'm not saying its one huge samefag, but surely not more than 2 pieces of neckbeard shit 
 The IPs don't agree with you 
 And i don't agree with you 
 STALLED 
    Yes your shit is sooo much better 
  When and how did this become a thing? I've used qbittorrent for probably 3 or 4 years on several machines and different ISPs and never had stalling issues unless there weren't any seeders. 
   
 Did you even bother to read the threads?  I opened three. Two had misconfigured settings and the other retards torrents were actually queued and not stalled.  Nice try shill 
 Ur b8 a shit tbhfam 
  Well done Pajeet. You'll be good FOSS shill yet. 
 All PEBCAK. qBT has never stalled in the 4 years I've used it on GNU/Linux. 
 ' typical linshit user 
  All the other threads are the same, misconfigured settings, torrents that are queued, and torrents with no seeds Go shill your bitcoin miner somewhere else 
  As  has stated, they WERE the user's fault. It's okay to be angry, you're stuck on an inferior operating system and are too fucking stupid to even read. 
 Every torrent client works flawlessly on *nix, the Windows ports are the awful ones 
   HAHAHAHAHAHA 
  
 Most of the other threads are the same Chaim. The users that find actual bugs don't post on forums about misconfigured settings because they'll know how to troubleshoot in the first place.  Sorry to blow your bubble but pick any forum concerning tech support or ask someone who works in tech support (generously assuming you have a social life) and you'll realise the majority of 'bugs' aren't bugs but users being retards.  I bet you are one of those retards. 
 Just for clarification, I'm not a freetard. I use proprietary graphics/wireless drivers and BIOS. 
 
 Dumb frogposter. Do you enjoy gagging on MPAA/RIAA cock? 
 Those are nice memes you got there. 
 everyone who is anyone  and not retarded already moved to  transmission 
 ' Dead. 
 So you audited whole qstalledmeme code right? :^) 
 I actually did, since I contributed quite some code some versions ago Fuck off dumb frogposter 
 I have read through most of it, yes. I'm not a security professional, so I can't "audit" anything. 
  [citation needed] '    
  
  FUCK OF NORMIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE 
 '  Pepe is dead 
 There's nothing I can do to prove that I'm not lying, since all I did was read text on a screen. You keep on believing what you want to believe, dumb frogposter, but remember this: A time will come when the Imperium of GNU will overpower the Chaos Daemons of M$ and Applel. 
          this is all me btw 
 I am (you) and (you) are me 
  Way to go normalfag 
does it let me spoof my upload rate? otherwise I'm sticking with uSerenity 
 Nope. It's for good goyim using private trackers. 
My PC is a good 8 years old now, and its starting to show it.  Currently running..  Intel q6600 Xfx 780i Mobo 2 x GTX 260’s in sli   Is there anything I need to know before I ship £1300 on my new build, I dont want to be upgrading for a long time   
Personally I'd change the Corsair h100 to a noctua (maybe NH-D12, 14 or 15) and get 16gb DDR4, but to each their own. Looking pretty good. 
  Hmm the NH-D12 might save a bit of money, Do you think 16gb of RAM is necessary? 
  950pro necessary? might become a meme 
 Buy a 1TB HDD to use for backup if you don't already have one. 
More storage and ram,  but you could add them later. 
What should I use to erase my hard disk before selling my computer? 
dban/any linux livecd single zero pass 
 piss on it. the sodium will destroy it. 
 A single pass is good enough?  And then I can reinstall the OS as if the hard disk was new? 
 PISS ON IT. 
 I heard you had to drink some ferromagnetic liquid so your piss is gonna destroy the hard disk through its own magnetic field.  Can anyone confirm this? 
 yes, pretty much 
 I'd secure ata erase the drive myself. It's actually faster than overwriting with zeros. 
 Ok thanks for the advice  Definitely going to try it out 
 just a tea cup worth. 
 What's this? Never heard of it 
 It was for  But oh well, if you take out the sarcastic vibe in it it makes sense for your answer too 
 It's a feature of SSDs with Hardware encryption. The SSD simply throws the current key away and generates a new one, making all the data useless(because the drive can't decrypt it anymore without the old key) aka irrelevant 
 Can I do this with HDD, too? Even though I've never encrypted them? 
 rotating keys to make old data unreadable is something you can only do with encrypted data, and has nothing to do with media (ssd/hdd)  it applies just the same to hdds, IF it was encrypted 
sell it without the HDD scratch it with a nail fire a coule .44 rounds into it set fire to it bury it in your neighbor's backyard 
 Are we talking about something like bitlocker or something at BIOS/hardware level?  Anyway I've never encrypted them but I don't have sensitive data so I'll wipe them with a couple of 0s wipe 
 it doesn't matter how the data is encrypted, the effect is the same (only the method may differ)  since your data isn't currently encrypted, you need to do a zero pass, it would take longer to encypt everything then discard the key 
 Ok thanks 
 
  Both good solutions.  Either - for /dev/sda being the device you want to recycle: # time dd if=/dev/zero of=/dev/SDA bs=1M conv=notrunc or, ask the firmware to do it: # hdparm -I /dev/sda ## if it says frozen, instead of not frozen, try suspending and resuming - if that doesn't unfreeze, try dd above # hdparm --security-set-pass password /dev/sda # time hdparm --security-erase password /dev/sda ## if supported, in hdparm -I, try --security-erase-enhanced instead, which will also try to wipe bad sectors.  Advantages of hdparm: if firmware supports it, it'll wipe any HPA (host protected area) and will, with enhanced, try to wipe any bad/remapped sector areas too.  SSDs should be wiped using the hdparm method, but beware: SSDs cannot be securely wiped as the failure mode for flash memory is that cells can no longer be erased or written. If the drive is nearly new, it should be okay - but no guarantees. Always encrypt them with software if you can to avoid this.  Hard disk self-encryption is shit, don't use it.  If you'd encrypted the data, zeroise the key first.  One zero pass is enough against any adversary on hard disks which use perpendicular recording, SMR or HAMR (that is, almost any drive still spinning). Probabilistic data recovery has never been demonstrated in the wild, even in anti-terrorism cases by well-funded nation-states, unfortunately. Gutmann's patterns were for MFM/RLL (pre-IDE) drives. Magnets don't erase hard disks, no commercial degausser works, the coercivity is too high.  If you really positively need it dead, do both and then remove the platters, controller board and heads and destroy them as absolutely as you can. If a drive may have been implanted/infected, do this. If you really are worried, start destroying anything with memory, which includes microcontrollers, Guardian/GCHQ style. 
 /dev/sda, not SDA, obviously. Sorry.  Keys should be held on EEPROM where possible, not Flash. EEPROM, properly constructed, has a zeroisation mode that works, the failure mode is failure to program, not erase.  Battery-backed fast-fade (low retention) SRAM or DRAM works too, but you need to zeroise on environmental traps like low temperature.  CPU L1/L2/L3 cache works a treat as long as it's on-die and not just on-package: this approach is taken by TRESOR. 
Is there a way to automatically download livestreams (from live.fc2.com specifically) when it becomes available? I keep on missing them because of the difference in timezones. 
 I don't know what live protocoll they use. You can either use rtmpdump or ffmpeg directly depending on protocol. 
SLI/CrossFire is the biggest Jewish lurk for PC enthusiasts. For one, it's not aesthetic to have 2 identical cards in the same case. As well as high end cards are powerful enough on their own to run all games at 1080P 60FPS. And 4K gaming is not worth it, until a single card can run the latest games at 4K 60FPS. 
 Enthusiasts" 
Why is there so much hate?, Did we do something wrong?  I do not understand. 
I use opera.   For the past few days a whole bunch of things havn't been working right, I wonder if that's related. Youtube especially has been dicky. 
 riddle me this:  why can't i see my comment history on youtube? seems like they want better records than me. fucking hate these pieces of shit, this scourge on humanity. hope google headquarters crumbles into a sinkhole and gets the fuck buried forever like that idiot employee of theirs who died on a mountain. ha, stupid bitch. 
It has no sense, some days ago we could watch HD videos but now not, and my browser is totally update and is 466/555.  payOS can watch HD on youtube and the othres not. 
How can I explain complex algorithms in layman's terms like an ELI5 to non CS people? Like hashing and zero-knowledge protocols? 
  A mathematical equation that takes in either a word or a number as it's input value and gives an unpredictable output value. 
 its cant be unpredictable, just very hard to predict 
 Just pretend he said ""unpredictable"". 
 Drawing the algorithm working visually is very helpful 
 if it's unpredictable how do you turn it back into the original phrase? 
 You're not suppose to, or it would be encoding, not hashing. It has to always give you same result for same data tho. 
 Purpose of hashing is to check data integrity. I hand over a text file and the hash. You hash the text file and compare it against my hash. It should be the same 
 You don't, hashes are a "one way function", you cannot derive information from them alone. You can however generate so many of them that you can guess with some degree of certainty what the original input was. 
Clojure is a /g/ language.        Learn it. Embrace it. It's way better than rust or go. And it gives you the ability to look at the program in a different manner. 
 Clojure is not lisp If you want lisp and jvm use kawa scheme 
 Clojure (pronounced like "closure") is a dialect of the Lisp programming language created by Rich Hickey. Clojure is a general-purpose programming language with an emphasis on functional programming. It runs on the Java Virtual Machine, Common Language Runtime, and JavaScript engines. Like other Lisps, Clojure treats code as data and has a macro system. The current development process is community-driven,overseen by Rich Hickey as its BDFL.  Clojure takes a modern stance on programming by encouraging immutability and immutable data structures. While its type system is entirely dynamic, recent efforts have also sought the implementation of gradual typing.Clojure encourages programmers to be explicit about managing state and identity. This focus on programming with immutable values and explicit progression-of-time constructs are intended to facilitate the development of more robust programs, particularly multithreaded ones.  Clojure is successfully used in industry by companies such as Walmart, Puppet Labs, and other large software companies. 
 
 Your argumentation is rock solid.  Clojure is a lisp dialect, no matter what you butthurt libre gnutards believe. 
Why has everybody started bleating about Clojure these last few days? /g/ is so fickle.    Obviously  Nah 
 I prefer haskell. 
 Scheme is not a Lisp. 
 
 Copy pasted from Wikipedia   I came from go to clojure and I feel this is better.   Clojure is the new haskell anon 
 I love Haskell, but that means 20 years of nothingness before the community descends into madness? 
 No people are going to use haskell but for fun and shit. And clojure for production 
Using clojure from 3 years in production agree that it has a great future  Hurr durr rich hickey 
Bump 
    What are you, a girl? 
so from what ive gathered  regular programming, as in C, Java, Python etc is like getting dressed by opening your clothing drawer, selecting what you want to put on, and then putting it on  functional programming is basically throwing your clothing chest at a clever angle at the wall of your landing so that the clothes fly out, arranged in the order you want along the stairs, and then skidding down the flight of stairs hoping youre dressed by the end 
 
 Yes kawai desu  Kek u dumb as fak 
 No, functional programming is like writing down what you want to wear on a piece of paper, then walking out the door.  Your clothes magically appear on you. 
  Neck yourself 
 Memory is now pretty cheap anon.  VM is less of a hassle. 
  Don't forget that the JVM runs everywhere.  As long as you use relative (or configurable by text file) paths for files, properly written JVM programs will work unmodified on Windows, Linux, various Unixen, and even Haiku OS (they have an OpenJDK port), as well as across CPU architectures. 
 Functional programming is like making a door in your house called "dressMe". You walk through the door naked and come out of the other end fully clothed. 
 I'm still naked   Yeah and oracle is working it's ass off to make jvm even faster and stable as fuck 
THANK YOU BASED NVIDIA 
  you need to grow up 
    what exactly am I looking at? 
I still play vidja gaems at 640x480 
 a man child who cannot even edit a screen shot to not look like vomit 
Well, /g/? 
 yes. 
 sorry, dell xps fags :^)   sorry, linux fags :^) 
Been toying with Linux a bit lately, and the latest forced Win10 update bullshit has convinced me to make the jump and banish Windows to a virtual machine for the rare occasion I need it.  I'm currently trying to decide between Ubuntu and Mint (Cinnamon version). Aside from the obvious UI differences, what's /g/'s opinion on them? What are they like to use long-term, in terms of updates, stability, package selection, just-werks, etc.? I already know about Ubuntu's Amazon crap and Mint's search engine crap and how easy both are to disable.  I'm not completely tech-illiterate, but I don't know that much about Linux and I'm not really interested in making it a hobby, so I'm mostly looking for as smooth and hassle-free an experience as possible.  No. 
They're the least free distros that exist. Better than windows, at least 
 both are fine, both operate like a windows box, you will be fine either way. Install gentoo 
It depends if your favorite colour is red or green desu senpai. 
get mint or xubuntu  they just werk and you can always change later 
Both are fine. You should know that Mint is based on Ubuntu, which is based on Debian. In other words, finding help for either of them should be a breeze. Good luck. :^) 
    Thanks. So not really much practical difference, then?  I thought Mint might suffer in hardware compatibility since it's based on an older Ubuntu release with an older kernel, but I haven't seen any issues so far, so I guess I'm overthinking it. 
 I'd say that you are. Really, unless you have some special or super old/new hardware, you should be fine. 
Consider Elementary OS if you want a different experiece. I'm new to Linux and I'm really liking it so far. 
 this  I've been using ubuntu before it was mainstream (2006?) then switched to debian, then back to ubuntu and now I'm using elementayOS, it does feel different and smoother than the previous distros I've used.  I don't get why lots of fa/g/g/ots in here hate it so much, it werks great for watching anime and furry shit they like. 
Just fucking install Fedora. You don't regret it.  Fucking install it you cunt. You're fucking welcome. 
 Fedora is a hipster distro, full of bugs.  Stop shilling Redhat's shit-tier distro. 
 I lost count of all posts on /flt/ about noobs crying over something their Mint install broke.  Get Xubuntu. 
Debian, Xubuntu, Ubuntu-MATE, Mint, and openSUSE have all ran flawlessly for me. Only distro I've had teething problems with is Antergos, and since that's based on Arch it's no real surprise 
 Hm. What kind of things does it break? Applications? Drivers? 
 There's a containment thread for your kind, search for /flt/ next time.    Do this.    Don't do this.    Definitely don't do this. 
 I prefer Ubuntu over mint simply because of the lower resource use 
 i dont know about resources but ubuntu really is completely fine as a first distro. im using it now coming from arch and it has been pleasant. i also installed linux for my moms laptop mint, opensuse, arch, all of them had a shitload of problems that those fuckers would call me down to fix. i said fuck it and installed ubuntu and haven't had an issue yet 
 antergos and manjaro have nothing to do with arch other than being based off it. their flaws are their own old man 
 I would recommend Xubuntu. It's essentially Ubuntu, but with a much lighter desktop environment (xfce instead of unity).  Though if you have to choose between Ubuntu and Mint, I would say Mint. 
They are pretty similar, the current version of Linux Mint being based on Ubuntu 14.04. So if you have any problems, generally Ubuntu and Linux Mint will have the same solutions. I currently use Linux Mint and haven't had any serious issues. My only concern will be what is going to happen for the next major release of Linux Mint because they likely won't base it on Ubuntu anymore (because they are against SystemD). 
OP here. Seems Mint has made the decision easy for me. Pic related after waking from sleep. Oh well. Ubuntu seems to work fine so I guess that's what I'll use, at least for now. 
Why not just try Debian and have a phone or tablet ready to help google things that need fixing? 
Go opensuse 
What's better: crunchbang ++ or bunsenlabs? 
 Least free distros: -Zorin -SteamOS -Mint 
    ' Hipster faggot  Almsot every distro will break unless you are really careful. For stability you can use debian stable but most of the softwares you know of will not work. Pick Xubuntu or Ubuntu MATE/GNOME  Debian  AYY 
 What video card do you have? Instead of skipping to the next distribution where the same issue might occur, check to make sure you have proprietary drivers installed. They're generally more reliable for newer hardware. 
I'd say use Ubuntu. The default ui has a big of a learning curve especially if you are coming from Windows. The main reason I recommend Ubuntu is for software and community support. It's also a good first step into the linux world. 
 AMD HD6850M laptop card. I was using fglrx. Same setup has no problems in Ubuntu, at least so far. 
 Get ubuntu anon, much friendlier and it's capable of more things than mint is. 
Those shiny logos are gross af   Material design isn't that bad actually 
 install Ubuntu and fuck off. 
Im on win10 1511 and even after changing the windows update registry value to notify before download and install, the update window dialog says the policy is changed (red letters stating "controlled by x") yet when I click chexk for updatea it STILL downloads and installs them. What the fuck. 
 You agreed to it,  if it bothers you stop using Windows 
Mint is shit. It's basically ubuntu with "mintified" packages. There's only reasons to use mint:    otherwise mint offers nothing that justifies using it. what you want is an official ubuntu flavour, that follow the official ubuntu release schedule  doesn't fuck around with packages (too much).   if you miss the feeling of good ol'l win7, then this is what you want   if you think win8 interface was the tits   if you're a hipster who think crApple looks nice 
Is Richard Stallman a pedo? 
 yes  thread 
  No  Yes 
 Yes 
 
Quick question, I just facetimed a friend from my Mac to his Mac and he said he recorded the session using Quicktime and the build-in screen-recording function. I didn't even notice he was recording all the time, is there a way to know whether you're being recorded when facetiming? 
bump 
no 
    Why haven't you upgraded to the superior vacuum? 
 They haven't made an open source vacuum yet, so I just use a broom instead. 
  The real question is "What took you so long?" 
 GNU/Broom. You can carve it, you can paint it, you can fashion it into a spear for fishing or self defense, you can even break it down into kindling to keep you warm at night.   Not like those shit eating propietary kuks with their shiny DustBuster™ Dysons. Oh look at me, how easy to use! Morons, the lot of them. Probably don't even know how that thing works. 
 That design looks stupid thou, why would you not want to have stationary main body that you move once from room to room and have a tube attached to it? 
 It looks kind of stupid but every aspect of the design is so practical. Also the thing is built to last decades. Everything else, Kirby and other megabuck vacuums aside, are made of the thinnest plastic possible and all fall apart within a few years. 
       
   can barely get upstairs and down, breh. so gay wasn't like that when I got it 
 I'd just like to interject for moment. What you're refering to as Broom, is in fact, GNU/Broom, or as I've recently taken to calling it, GNU plus Broom. 
 How is that more practical than picture related?  Oh and i do love dyson, they make quality stuff, just missing the point in that standing thing. 
  That thing looks like a child's toy.  If you want a rolling canister vacuum, buy a Miele.  Common advice is to never buy a vacuum from a brand that doesn't have a product line intended fro commercial (e.g. hotels) use. 
 he called it GNU/Broom you retard 
 Now you have to find a tutorial on cleaning your model's filters. You haven't lived until you've made a Dyson pristine again. 
 Dyson is top tear vacuum, it looks like that so you can see inside. The technology is superior to any bag vacuum cleaner, even miele.  Miele is common in commercial field just because there was nothing better for many many years, and the lifespan of commercial gear is a bit long, but trust me, they are upgrading to dyson in the next cycle, because: fuck bags. 
  So what makes bagless superior to bags? 
 Cyclonic filtration removes 99% of the particles, leaving just a tiny fraction to be collected by various stages of filters.   Why use a bag when this superior technology exists? It's wasteful. 
     
 Upright vacuum cleaners are the norm in the U.S. because they work better for large carpeted areas. Dyson also makes some canisters. 
 Miele is better. It has a much better HEPA box in addition to the bag. I looked at them but I don't like horse hair. 
Troll thread. Get fucked Dyson shitstains. All non-German brands are shitposts. My feet are resting on a beautiful floor cleaned by a Miele.    
  
 Furthermore FUCK bagless shitposting trolls. Bagged systems will always be superior. Have fun with your curved plastic with caked on shit and dirt. Have fun with your toxic poison shit cloud over your garbage can every single time you manage to flop open the limp Dyson canister door without breaking it. I breathe deeply with my lungs taking in HEPA clean air. Thanks Miele. 
  
  
 i would absolutely do the housework for a rich powerful programmer SO 
  Because I have a Roomba. 
 roomba is good for crumbs and making you keep your shit off the floor, but it doesn't suck very hard, so a real vacuum is still needed sometimes. 
dyson shit tier design. ugly as fuck... and completely inconvenient bagless design... how do you empty/clean your dust full bagless machine without breathing dust? compare to a classic bag vac cleaner... 
What's the point of getting a Dyson?  Is there something particularly useful about the $1-5 in power that you save (depending on how big your house is and how often you clean) vs. the hundreds you pay extra for it being hipster brandshit?  Suction power seems just the same to me as a $100 vacuum, just at higher efficiency. 
   urr  you know there's dust in the air at all time 
 It maneuvers in a way most other upright vacuum cleaners do not?  I've seen people go through more than two $100 vacuums per decade and they often put more measurable particulate in the air. There's probably better options than Dyson at the same or lower price point, and there's definitely better that cost more. My dad likes his $200 Oreck.   I quit IT because I hated breathing all the paper and carpet fibers. Now I'm a code monkey at home. 
  Not really even interested in the upright models. I'm too European to make my suction piece heavy like that.  But I guess that might explain something to me.  ' I've also seen people go through two Dysons in less than a decade, and as far as I know any vacuum with HEPA filter doesn't put many small particulates into the air. Not that I care that much, my standard mostly ends at catching what a paper bag vacuum also would catch... 
  Absolutely, but like once every fortnight as opposed to every few days. 
these niggas are fucking bulletproof 
 Most don't have HEPA, just "HEPA type", which doesn't filter down to 0.3 micrometers. I've taken my particle sensor to apartments without any kind of HEPA, and it read 10x more than in a typical house or office with forced air.  In my condo, I have a loud and inefficient "Honeywell" (actually made by Kaz), that costs me $40/year in filters and $200 in electricity, a rebranded Korean one that costs $85/year for filters (course, HEPA, zeolite foam, honeycomb with 1/2 pound carbon), and another Korean one with $21 per year filters.  What HEPA units do y'all have? 
 After 5 years they have no fucking suction. 0/10 
 You're supposed to change the bag when it gets full. 
   why 
 Why  Why  Why  Why  Why  Why ' Why  Third world country ruled by a nigger please suicide to death 
 it just werks 
  Kärcher is GOAT 
 'HEPA type", which doesn't filter down to 0.3 micrometers. Agreed, most only do EPA something, but you just pick the correct specs, eh?  The majority of people also doesn't require HEPA something or even EPA 10 filters, though.  In my allergy season, I personally just use antihistamines and sometimes a HEPA air purifier to suck already airborne pollen up when it gets bad. [The bulk of them on the ground and furniture can be removed just fine with a regular vacuum that does not add horrid expenses for HEPA filters and shit like that... YMMV] 
 ' Good thing I have your mother then. 
 The big enterprise / communal ones, perhaps.  But the household and small enterprise vacuums had pretty shitty motors and high rates of failure, no? 
 ' xiaomi strikes again 
 ' It's no one's design. Almost only the USA is retarded enough to have design patents. Never mind for something as stupid as rectangles or boxes with rounded corners.  And if it were, it'd be Braun's design style, not Apple's. By about 50 years. 
  I bought a Dyson. Would absolutely not recommend it.   Sure it does the job but it's cheap plastic design leaves much to be desired.   When it dies I'll buy a Miele or something.   Definitely not worth the price. 
 You have no legitimate complaint until it breaks. Feel is no indication of actual durability. 
  We have the best standards in the world. 
 What are you on about? You still have flat pins and huge plugs and everything else is pretty shit, too. [You realize the USA isn't even close to number 2 for power standards, right?] 
I use one of those Nilfisk barrels, it's a good machine, does it's job well and I can also convert it to a leafblower when I need to blow leafs. 
  Not sure what you're on about mate, they're pretty perfect. We also have god tier switches. 
  The best vacuums have a bag  AND a rigid HEPA box.  It works better for large houses with carpet.  I think that would be out of spec. We usually call it 120 or 110. My dad's laundry room has one outlet at 70 volts for unknown reasons. He ran keg fridge off it for a while without any problems.  It varies a lot. Near big cities, we have fatter pipes than some countries. Australia is much worse.  China and India have some worse cars. I like how American cars have powerful air conditioning systems. 
Dysons are literally the Mac of vacuums. Overpriced shit. 
 They're huge. Almost as big as Schuko. Which is still more decent than the Aussie plug, because at least it has rounded pins (designed more for physics than last millennium manufacturing constraints) and more decent security features.  Best standard is IEC60906-1, though: Africa, Brazil  Switzerland basically win.  And as far as overall installations in reality go? Switzerland, hands down. Nearly no above ground power lines, beautiful and complete household power boxes (on DIN rails if it has been installed or renewed in the last 20 years or so), neat switches, really good cables, a robust national power grid with nearly no outages... 
 It's priced appropriately compared to other vacuums of the same caliber. There's plenty of more expensive vacuum cleaners. 
laptop or tablet for university? 
 Pencil and paper nignog 
what are you going to school for? 
 just as a portable computer, not to use in class.   Lets say engineering. 
 My friend has this microsoft laptop that can also be used as tablet. Looked bretty gud if you're ok with windows 
Laptop. 
 In that case, definitely laptop. 
  Why exactly? Is it because of labs? 
 Laptop/Notebook something cheap, get a linux distro and enjoy. 
Engineering will need a good laptop if you don't want to spend all of your free time in labs or some proffs prostitution ring for lab access. I say get a strong laptop. Unless you have your own place, then get a cheap ass tablet for class use and a powerful desktop for your home. 
 Yes  You can do more things with paper than a tablet 
 w-what 
   Laptop. First up, you'll seriously appreciate a proper keyboard. Sure the surface may be a thing, but it's no keyboard. There's also the issue of platform. Depending on your Engineering direction you'll likely require some field related software that's unlikely to work properly on tablet architectures. 
I currently have a shitty laptop so I want to buy a decent gaming pc and a cheap laptop for university,  is this enough or will I need a powerfull laptop like a lot of people tell me to get? For example for software science. 
 How powerful, though? 
 Tablet for any sort of work is a meme. 
 Right, but why do you need a laptop? The only reason I could think of is labs. 
 Which engineering direction would you theoretically be going for? There's fairly heavy software in most directions as soon as you're dealing with simulations or 3D rendering.  Mechanical engineers will need CAD software and that's not very lightweight y'know. First thing that comes to mind for Electrical Engineers is PLC software like Siemens TIA Portal which also requires a decent machine to run decently quickly. 
 poopies 
Just let me make this clear, I'm not in uni quite yet. But I am an Electrical technician and our software requirements don't differ too much, judging from talks with friends that are in uni right now.   You don't necessarily need a stupidly powerful laptop, just have something with recent hardware. An i3/i5 with 8GB of RAM and a dedicated GPU is more than enough. Render times are gonna obviously be a bit longer, but it's good enough for learning.  Professionals use workstations, people on our level use 'decent' machines and nobody buys i7 turbo gaymen laptops. The performance advantage doesn't make that much of a difference, that point is just bleeding money.  What you should however look for is a good resolution. Since I'm working with a shitty 1366x768 laptop I have a serious need for an external screen if I'm doing anything. Just drawing simple PCB designs is painful on a single 15" screen with a horrid resolution. I'd imagine 3D design only gets worse. 
 ah,  thanks 
Thinkpad x series, though a surface works too. 
 fuck. 
What do you guys think of the Steam controller? This or Xbone controller on PC? 
  
 Hey little buddy!"  
 
 
One time at a job interview the boss i shook hands with had an extra thumb growing sideways and outwards from his 'good' thumb. 
what the fuck is that is it the lack of a thumb and one fucked up thumb or is it someone holding the controller upside down with an exra pinky finger? 
 he could donate to the person in the op image,  since it seems to be lacking the right one 
 If I had hands like that I wouldn't want to live god damn that must be awful 
i found this pic when i was high as fuck and couldn't stop laughing for maybe an hour straight seeing it again makes me laugh 
 Nice Thalidomide hands, OP. 
 Get a DS4 and install Input Mapper.  Now you have a great controller and the touchpad doubles as a mouse with. 
  I was going to answer your question until I saw that hand. Now I'm going to have nightmares so fuck you and your thread OP. 
 What's wrong with your hands? Are you human? 
is this a photoshop? 
Only thing I like about it is the back paddle  So I can shift gear easily in Dirt rally.  And they have community already have vareilty of set up for each game already. Instead of tweaking thing myself.  Somehow I got it from GameStop instead of order it on steam 
it was an impulsive buy for me one month later, it's fucking useless. 
pls be GIMP 
 This is why it should be legal to kill spastics Fucking leeches just cost taxpayers' money to keep alive. 
I wonder if it's even possible to make an app for Android ON Android.   While you are ricing you lagdroid, I'm making apps on my iPad :3 
 
     hl=en 
 was going to post that but thought better not add oil to the fire 
why wouldn't you be able to? 
 ' But how are you going to install it? You dont have a file manager 
   You make little nested applications that only work within the Codea runtime.  You can't actually develop iPad apps on an iPad. 
 Sounds pretty useless desu 
 Theos ftw 
 sounds like something reddit would make 
 This is terrible bait, but I'm taking it nonetheless. Yes, you can. Very quickly. 
Does the i7 5930K require a cooler? 
 Every CPU requires one. 
 Does human require oxygen? 
Nah you can run it even without heatspreader for all I care 
 Nah, it'll be just fine without one 
Mine works fine @4.8 ghz without any cooler. Using it for video rendering mainly. Just go for it bud 
cpu coolers are a meme don't fall for it 
 Yes, you need to install a cooler.  No, it does not include one.  Yes, you need to order one separately. 
   
  You shouldn't be building a pc if you need to ask thid 
Does anyone does this retarded shit? it work? is it worth it? is there a measurable temp diff? 
 Depends on how bad the contact patch is.   It'll drop temps if done correctly. Whether or not it's worth is up to you 
Just delid kekboy 
Some people also delid but there's a risk of damaging the CPU if done wrong, especially if you mount the HSF and it puts pressure on the CPU or you use conductive thermal paste 
  thinking about delidding my 4690k, but temps are fine at 4.5ghz and i dont see the point pushing 4.7-4.8ghz  so, nah (hyper 212 evo is chill) 
 delidding is for fun, not generally for necessity. 
 Also dangerous, make sure your motherboard comes with an adapter plate for delidded CPUs like MSI's die guard that comes with their Power mobos, and search online for which coolers have been used successfully with it. Just a bit too much pressure and the CPU die cracks. Remember to use Coollaboratory Liquid Ultra TIM. 
 
 
   
i5-6600k and i7-6700k perform the same in video games, which is all /g/ cares about anyway. why not get the cheaper cpu? 
 best feel 
  Look at all the salty AMD tears 
  Did you buy AMD CPU's 
 
 ' 
  
    I swear, these autistic 12 year old'ss need to fuck off back to le /r/pcmustardrace XDXDXD 
  
Home Theater AV setup thread, check out my amp eq settings for one of the front speakers lmao 
 
 Nigga what 
Good, now maybe you'll get the fuck out of /g/.  stupid phoneposter 
What's wrong with it? 
 Broken as fuck 
Mimi master race 
  
 Freezes a lot 
' Fucking plebs 
  who would've thought 
 How is it botnet 
 and don't have a based windows phone to maximize shitposting velocity 
here in my /G/ARA/G/EEEEEEEEEEEE 
  
 I think you're doing it wrong anon. 
 Nothing. 
 
The only problem I have with Clover is that the themes don't change the reply button color. 
Why even use an app? The mobile version of 4chan is fine. 
  Fucking finally, thank you God! 
I was extremely confused until I realised you were talking about an Android app and not the hackintosh bootloader. 
 because browsers on phones are cancer and not everyone has the latest s6+ to run them normally 
  
 But Dashchan and Overchan are both pretty good. 
47 bad /g/ threads in my bad /g/ thread account 
if its broken for you why not compile your own build of it without whatever could be slowing down your 2011 android phone or samsung s2 
Currently installing Crunchbang, did I fuck up? Is it dead?  Also, if not Crunchbang what else? I'm gonna dump windows for a bit and do some full time Linux. 
  Debian 
 Yeah, that was going to be my second go to. Should I give up on #! and just do that instead? 
 I don't see any valid reasons why you would choose a deprecated distro over something like Debian itself. Debian minimal is one of the best choices you can go for 
So just go to Debian? What's your take on Debian and why should I get it?  Thanks for the feedback tho, anon.   
 ^^^ Above was for you, forget reply # 
 Crunchbang is literally debian with a set of custom scripts. 
 Are the custom scrips not worth it, or is it just a pref thing? 
 crunchbang is debain + prethemed openbox. Its nice don't get me wrong, I used to use it exclusively. When it died i moved over to debain and mate. There are a couple of forks from the #! team though. Ones crunchbang++ and another i can't remember, they should both be linked on the website though. 
Crunchbang was the perfect Linux distro out of the box, why the fuck did it had to go? The other remakes just don't feel the same either. OP, you're better off with Debian + WM, do a net install with everything unticked and install openbox or i3 or any other WM after the main installation is complete. But you can still maintain crunchbang, but it's best to go with debian 8. 
i haventfollowed cruby for awhilebut archbang and manjaro are similar for arch based distros 
 #!++ is available, same shit, with updates. 
 this 
 Currently installing this right now?  It seems fine so far... Any other thought before I decide to nuke it and move to debian?    What about #!++ 
 Not really. Get the real thing. Get debian, there are reasons why it's dead now. 
Someone made a fork of Crunchbang. Its called Crunchbang plusplus   
  You're all fucking stupid. Change your sources.list file or install bunsenlabs 
  Just looked at it, it seems good, but it's best to go with pure Debian and do it all yourself. But if you really want to, just go with #!++. 
#! is dead? damn.. 
Crunchbang plusplus made in india plus china malware bot  Next update Crunchbangbang plusplusplus bang bang with Cortana bangplus plusbang Salute my friends from developer of Crunchbang plusplus Rajep Muntrapali Korkesh Latandidinda aka EliteHackerMumbaiLinuxRulesSarawakP tongPft 
 Sorry, #! is kill  Get mint if you don't support israel, otherwise install gentoo 
Bang! 
  
 Alright, I think Ill put debian on then. You have a link to a specific one? It will be for a core 2 duo...  Sorry if I come across as a mindless idiot, Its all quite new. 
 Or just do a dual boot to give both a shot. 
 gentoo 
Gentoo poo in the loo edition 
 It went because it was just Debian with some custom userscripts. Anybody could easily make a 'clone' of #! with just a Debian installation and an hour. The maintainer got tired of hosting what was essentially just a repository tacked onto a normal Debian install. That's why #!++ and that other one are so lame. 
 lol #! has been dead for like a year and a half 
 ' And the reason has nothing to do with things you may think of. 
Just install Arch OP.  Last time I reinstalled it took me like 5 minutes.  Never been easier. 
if you want to stick with some #!ish go for Bunsen Labs 
b u n s e n l a b s  o r a r c h b a n g 
 d e b i a n  or a r c h 
 u b u n t u o r m i n t 
Windows you idiot 
 its kinda dead yeah, but its not a bad build. You could get Debian Jessie, do a minimal net install, and clone a crunchbang setup. Crunchbang has good forums and knowledge out there, and a useful set of default settings for openbox that you could clone.  Though really its not that bad to be running crunchbang. 
 
What are your specs /g/? 
 Little Quadro reporting in 
 How much were does Quadros? I'm not home rn but my specs are: I5 3470 16GB of RAM Dell Motherboard 1TB HDD Acer IPS 24inch Monitor 60hz 
 Why not SLI? 
 gr8 b8 m8 
 i was serious... 
 I am not playing any manbabby gaymes  go back to    faggot 
 So you buy 2 Quadros and plug 1 screen? What kind of math calc do you do on them? 
Not at home  I7 4790k @ 4.9ghz Gtx 970 16gb ddr3 1866mhz  Mobo ???? Psu cx750m Cooling h100i 1tb had 256gb 850 evo 
 
Have some free invites:  EUCD-0643-4AE6-F194 EU78-685C-65B9-5390 EU21-ADD9-099C-4B35  Valid for 7 days. Have fun. 
 Thank you so much anon, godbless just ordered one. 
 You are welcome. 
   silly samefag. android is for plebs 
 newfag you do know that there is a counter for the posters in the thread right? 
 Yea. He is fucking dumb. 
  took you a while to type that on your phone. maybe because it's a pos android 
  
 DUDE LMAO I am not samefagging. OP Here and I was    
 Took me 1min and 42secs to reply to you, took you 7mins and 9secs to reply to me. Must be hard to type on your iShit. 
       that's it /g/, I'm never taking advice from here again 
  What? I'm about tu build a modest budget PC, wit and CPU no apu but GPU aside. Please tell me I won't fuck it up. 
  Nobody recommends this shit you fucking retard especially not /g/ everyone uses vim emacs gedit and sublime 
 You got tricked. 
thats what you get for being an extra dumb frogposter 
  Same fag 
I wouldn't be surprised at all if there was a survey or something and frogposters had a significantly lower IQ than the rest of the site. 
dumb frogposter 
 nothing wrong with it  nothing wrong it with, although something with a gui is better if you're trying to keep a nice look up  LOL, 2MB FILE LIMIT  LOL, ))))))))))))))))))))))))  nothing wrong with it  nothing wrong with it  all bsds are fucking exceptional idiot  dumb frogposter 
How about things /g/ was right about?         
 worse bait ever. 
      /g/ wants me to starve! 
'  ' 
 This! 
 Oh the disappointment 
  gid gud  in itself not shit, but I prefer MPC-HC  bwahahahahaha atom  nobody told you that's good  nothing wrong with qbit  kek 
 the part about the macbook is probably true but not iphone. i cant afford either. 
 ))))))))))))))))))) 
 fuck you no they're not and you're contributing to the weed that is apple 
dumb frogposter 
 lisp is good, it really teaches you something innate about programming but it's certainly not practical  now i686 ASM that's a practical language 
 please give me an office application better than ms office 
 online office via onedrive 
 That was me, I was the one who gave all those bad advises, and it was on purpose.  Enjoy your shitty hardware and software. 
 You are trash, and is your meme garbage, dumb frogposter.  Go back to /b/ where you and that shit belong. 
 good one 
<pre class="prettyprint">== (frogposter? op) #t == (dumb? frogposter) #t</pre> 
 amd cpus are shit.    lol, no they don't. 
 
 Just get an APU if you care about budget. The integrated graphics cards on the 'Kaveri' APUs are as fast as a GTX 950. 
     AMD hasn't been competitive in the CPU or GPU market for at least 3 years now. Buying AMD products in 2015 is 100% dumb. 
    I resent this. The 965be was not a bad choice in its day. 
 But they have AMD old ass offering are still close to Nvidia offerings AMD CPU's are still competitive with jewtel in the price ranges since jewtel hasn't done jack shit to improve their offerings Dumb shill 
 ''  you obviously haven't had the misfortune of using a vishera CPU, they perform far worse than any equivalent sandy/ivy bridge/haslel/skymeme CPU in any single thread reliant task (gay men especially) even when massively overclocked.  AMD could have die shrunk phenom 2 and been better off than the pile of shit that was bulldozer and piledriver.    no, they aren't. AMD's flagship GPUs from 3 years ago now only compete weakly with NVIDIA's mid range offerings. 
 dumb frogshitter 
 Lel. Not competitive... You're lucky you don't live in a third world country. AMD CPUs have like 97% market share here. And I'm talking about the older ones. Almost no one can afford i7s or AMD's equivalent of that. 
 Same goes for the AMD GPUs. 
 Agreed on everything else, but  Nah, mpv is the best. What problems do you have with it? 
   that hasn't been true for months 
explain how a computer works in less than 3 sentences 
 Some configurable state (in this case voltage levels) are manipulated in a coordinated manner to store, transform and read information. 
 congratulations. you win 
   Thread closed 
 This is really enlightening 
 that's way too broad, and could arguably describe many systems which are not considered computers  the actual correct answer is a succinct description of the von neumann cycle 
It is a machine that computes 
 Zeros and ones together to present the semblance of a whole 
 This is too narrow and would eliminate analog computers. 
 In one word: Modulation 
 Basically an electric Turing machine. Filler sentence 2. Filler sentence 3. 
   That means one sentence or two sentences, not three. You failed. 
 /thread OP blown the fuck out. 
  Technically I addressed the topic it in one sentence. The rest was not explanation - thus does not count as part of explanation sentence quota. It is you who failed. 
It's a magical box used by most people to watch porn. You plug a cable into the wall for power and another cable for internet. Then you watch porn. 
Instructions goes in results goes out, never a miscommunication, can't explain that! 
  Anon in charge of reading 
thingy goes in, thingy comes out 
beep. bop. beep. 
since computer as a term derives from human computers in the 1700 i feel like the definition should be "able to compute", everything else would exclude actual things that could be computers, even if slow 
 Number crunching  
 This. Pretty impressive too! Good job 
 True. False. 
Transistors return 0s and 1s in a meaningful manner. These are then connected to a series of tubes. 
 That's not an explanation on how computers work, it's a description of what or resembles.   I could say "like a smartphone minus the phone". See? Same shit. 
it just werks 
 Energy goes in Data kicks in  Light comes out 
 LOL, is that joke¿?    boolean algebra is the base. to apply it use logic gates.with the gates u can do simple math s  operation. with this operations you can do more complex ones. 
 It just werks 
Beep boop beep 
this man gets computers puteing 
electrons then magic happens the result 
It's like a glorified calculator. 
You turn it on and memes come out. 
 That's like asking /b/ to explain a woman. No one here is going to know. 
 It just works 
 Electricity goes in, heat comes out  Funny stuff happens  Your mouse pointer moves around on the screen. 
 
 Bill Jobs and Steve Allen invented the computer in 1976. It uses magnets to store data bites. There are many computers in the world, but the best are apples. 
 Mother. Fucking. Magic. 
Cpu reads and executes instructions written in binary. The output is saved in some sort of memory. The end. 
Have penile unit, find female with a pooter. Insert penile unit until said unit "comes", now you have a computer. To make it work... Usually a backhand does the trick. 
 IT'S MAGICK 
Pure. Fucking. Magic. 
Garbage in/garbage out 
Ones and zeros. 
arithmetic logic unit which is a series of logic gates that are constructed out of transistors runs software to perform duties. 
Arithmethic Logic Units Registers Datapath logic 
I want girl.  I find porn.  I fap. 
 Stick the floppy, then command the computer to do its magic. 
 you forgot the executing instructions part can't do anything fancy with the ALU and registers without a control unit. 
Conductive hardware that uses bytes of electrical data to perform high speed calculations. 
Context given to binary arithmetic. 
 Found the first year cs student 
Information, stored encoded as bits, is input into the machine, and by using logic gates, is transformed and outputted as new information. Enough of this information is then used as input for other processes, creating the complex systems used in modern computing. Poopbuttpoopypoop. 
  you technically don't need logic gates to have a computer. logic gates are just very useful..  eg, not 100% on this but - quantum computing, no gates just state changes 
 Backdoored hardware with backdoored software connected to a Botnet. 
 Fucking magnets, how do they work? 
Someone post that one conference video where an engineer explains how cpus are made? 
 Binary states is not strictly necessary for computing. There have been electrical tertiary computers and mechanical decimal computers. 
 poles get aligned  Mr Demon 
Just intall Gentoo 
 It processes user input with transistors. Uses storage media to store data permanently or temporarily. 
It computes things 
what is three 
 
What site blocker would /g/ recommend?   I've yet to use one that will block all the websites I want while still allowing me to make exceptions for certain pages.  e.g. I want to be able to blacklist the adult boards on this site, but I still want to be able to browse sfw boards like /g/ 
Why would you want to block the best parts of 4chan? 
opendns custom hosts file  
 Are you 10? 
   I'm trying not to fap 10 times a day 
 so you are ten? 
 Ever hear of self-control?  also this 
 Self control is a better solution.  A few clicks and the porn blocker is disabled. What's the point? 
 ' There is no technology that can help you. The moment your penis starts twitching you will disable any blocks you put into place.  Learn some self control. 
tfw refreshed thermal paste and it's 4° cooler 
' 
 Try toothpaste 
Use the ones with the magic crystals. Then your CPU can divide with zero. 
 Very intelligent frogposter 
  reddit frogger 
 stupid frogposter 
 but I like my Glühwein warm 
 Yay. Now: What actual benefit did that get you? Was it throttling from overheating before? 
   samefag 
We've all outgrown Stallman, why is he still in the sticky? 
 '  Speak and post only for yourself. 
  
torvalds is too intimidating, others are just businessmen, 
I don't like stallman either. I don't know how this board tries to be serious while we have this clown as the sticky and the wiki is called Install Gento.  But do you have a better alternative? I would like to see it. 
 Torvalds is alright. At least he isn't an autistic communist. 
  richard stallman would make a good trap 
Fuck off CIA NIGGER. 
  somebody get this hothead outta here 
 This tbqh senpai 
We should have Based Theo de Raadt in the sticky instead. 
 I don't know about that though. The tone of most conversations here remind me a lot of how much of an asshole Torvalds is to everyone. He could probably post here frequently. 
 Based ESR for one.     'freedom"    
' No, the migration of /v/ has saturated the board with gaymur posts and shitty graphics card generals 
 test 
 I can agree. A guy that views Linux as less collectivist and more free market, who is also a known gun owner and enthusiast. 
  ok kid 
I'm still waiting on /v/ to get out. 
  Because he is the hero /g/ deserves. 
 Either him, or Theo.   I'm okay with ESR, though. He's a funny guy, and probably less prickly than RMS. 
 ' 
 
 The fire rises 
 Keep our — literally — savior. 
 
 
Just reinstalling Windows 7 (legal copy). Could anyone remind me which updates I should steer clear off? 
 All of them.  If you have Windows update service enabled it will automatically download and install the bad ones even if you tell it to manually download and install updates. 
 B-but i need some updates senpai 
 doesnt effect daz loader  can/leave installed.                      
 thanks a bunch man 
how do I get a career in computer science /g/? 
get a phd become university professor  there is not really much other careers maybe as a researcher in a corporation  what most people think of as cs is just consulent java codemonkey and has barely anything to do with cs at all. 
 how do I become a java codemonkey? 
 Get a Monster account, look for jobs in your area, ask if you can work from home, get laughed at, drop java entirely and become a web developer. 
From what I've seen, do a research paper at undergraduate. A good one that will get published. 
 hey op,mind if i bum your thread i'm in a situation very similar to yours.  wanna study computer science online at everest. wondering if i can get a job with an associate's degree in this industry,or if i should spend the 4 years on a bachelors 
 Hey, the image you posted made me have a little giggle. Can I save it? I'm only going to put it on my super dooper secret meme flash stick. 
 go for it. I though this thread was dead anyway.   yeah, I thought it was pretty funny too. 
Get a degree in computer science. If you're the sort who can actually self-study a computer science curriculum, you should do it before doing a formal degree and graduating with the highest honors. Without this basic education, you're not going to be able to achieve what everybody with this basic education is capable of. 
Now that they have lights, are they any different to just reading on a laptop screen? How is the light different?  It will just result in the same eye strain. 
 Are you functionally retarded? 
 yes  by not being the same technology  if this were the case, and it's not, then this information would have been known by now, as these products have been out for more than 5 years 
 But HOW? 
 Have you ever read a book? It's like that. Exactly like that. 
 But books don't have backlights. 
 And you don't have a brain, it seems. 
 but they do have lights lighting them up  this is not the source of eye strain 
 Top kek 
   I'm pretty sure the light shining directly in your eyes  is the source of eye strain.   When I read normal books I use a lamp not some bright white light shining right into my eyes. 
 ' Wrong. It is the strength and frequency of the light that causes eye strain.  A strong backlight in a dark room will cause eye strain, a light that has a shitty refresh rate will cause eyestrain. eReader lights are adjustable and often front lit instead of back lit so they are very comfortable to read with. 
 the lamp is built in and it doesnt shine in your eyes 
   Wait they are front lit? How? 
 'technology'  have you ever taken apart one of these ? it is just leds with a diffuser,  Not some magical new technology. 
 LEDs are known to cause eyestrain. 
 They shine across the front instead of being behind the screen. 
They are still fucking useless because screen is too small and I can't read PDFs for scientific tasks without fucking up a table or pinching for zoom like there's no tomorrow (also they are bad for mangas too). 
E-readers reflect light, not emit it. The ones with lights aren't backlit. It's no different than reading a traditional book using a flashlight.  LCD screens have backlighting and it's essentially like staring into a light bulb. Notice how LCD screens are extremely tough to see in sunlight unless you bump the brightness up considerably. E-readers are essentially like real books. The only drawbacks are having to charge the battery every few months and not being able to show off the high brow hipster shit that you're reading when you're in public. 
 they make larger ones 
What is a good ebook reader for under $100? 
 Neither do e-readers.  They are front lit. 
 Sony makes a glorious 13 inch e-reader designed from the ground up to support .pdfs and technical documents. Originally only sold yo Universities.  Costs $800 though... 
I've never had a problem reading books on my Asus Nexus 7, except for dropping it on my nose like a retard a few times. It's quite nice to read on, and you can do other shit pretty well on it too. Like shitpost on /g/ and watch shill youtube videos. 
 I have one. It's pretty cool. No back light though. 
 No back light no buy! 
 e-readers are fucking garbage 
 pic related. 
   Backlight it nice, but not really needed.  My uni sells that reader 10% off and it is really fucking tempting.  It is so light and small though, afraid I'd break it. 
Kobo e-readers or kindle e-readers /g/? Which is better? 
 It's crazy how light it is. 
 Pick the one that is easier to buy from your location. It's easy to import to Kindle with Calibre. If you just want to drop in ebooks, get Kobo.  But if you already have books from Amazon then get a kindle. 
 explain why 
 dude.. you can see the page at all because that lamp's light is reflecting off of the page back into your eyes  do you even science? 
 what ereader is that anon? im really tempted in buying one and liked that one ' then it's a nogo lol 
  It is the 13" Sony one. 
 They aren't backlit you doofus.  The lights shining from the bottom and/or top (in the seam), down onto the screen.  It's the same as if you were shining a light onto it. 
 What if you want to also view PDF's as well as other formats, but don't want it to connect to the internet. Ever. I'd be wanting to run the software through linux (which I think calibre has a port for it?) 
  Why?  Are you looking at illegal shit? 
No. I am old. I don't like big brother. I realise that linux is damn near as bot-netty as windows nowadays, but I am in no way going to install windows onto another computer just because of how crazy they are with "we will take all your info, but you'll be happy with it. Honest."  I have a lot of old books in pdf on my pc that i've had for ages, and reading them on a pc isn't as convenient anymore. 
 What would you classify as illegal?  Unless he's from canuckistan, loli doesn't count 
 Word of warning, don't expect PDF viewing to be like on a laptop or tablet.  The e-ink rendering time for images (i.e. non-text) is SLOW.  Resizing is SLOW.  Page turns are SLOW.  Even for plain text, sometimes you'll get an epub that will take like 5-10 seconds for EACH page turn.  It's rare and I'm sure it's due to a fucked-up epub and could be fixed, but it was driving me crazy.    This is with a Kobo Glo HD. 
  Modern stuff is pretty fast.  Pinch to zoom on the PRS-T2 was smooth and usable.  Newer stuff has only gotten faster. 
  Loli is illegal in lots of places.  Shit, porn with small breasted girls is illegal in aussieland. 
  I've used Kindles (3rd gen keyboard  4 gen) and a Sony (PRS-600?) and they're all absolute shit for PDFs. They render the full page scaled to the screen, zooming and panning is slow and clunky. For PDFs, you're better off getting a more typical tablet. You can import them into iBooks on the iPad and zoom  pan around. And I'm sure Android  WIndows must have have capable ways to view PDFs. 
  The PRS-600 is ancient, and the Kindles have shit .pdf support.  It is considerably better on a modern e-reader device, but a Tablet is still better. 
 Focusing matters more than contrast. Reading from a high res projection on a screen one mile from the eyes would cause the least eye strain. 
 Is Kobo H2O front lit? I have one. I'm not sure what it is. 
  They are all front lit.  Don't think anyone has tried backlit e-ink yet. 
 Nice try, Apple shill.  On my current Gen Kindle Voyage it really depends on the file. Most PDF's that I put on with calibre are just as a normal epubs.   I've read one PDF File book though that was just the scaled page. Painful and slow. 
 '  So my point stands, PDFs on eink readers suck. Proper tablets are still better for PDFs in general. 
 The light is reflected and high-energy/short-wavelength harsh light doesn't reflect off matte surfaces. 
  dude.... you have NO idea how hard I LOLed.... 
  It's also much smoother text 300 dpi vs  100, and absolutely no screen flicker. The screen is off between page turns. It's nice. 
 omg o.O 
 They CAN suck. Buying an ebook reader for the sole purpose of PDF reading wouldn't be a wise decision.  But hey, you can get almost every book as epub from TPB. 
  Did you find it on sale, or did you shell out $1000 for one? 
 I got a kobo just because I had too many books on my computer and hated reading on a real screen.  The eink screen feels exactly like paper to the eyes. My reader can only 'blind' me in bedroom-dark conditions on full brightness. It's very comfortable. 
should i learn javascript then c# then c++ or should i learn python? (pic not related) 
Just learn Swift for everything 
  Depends what you want to do. Whats your aim?  If it just for shits'n'giggles, from that list I would go python, c#, c++. Dont bother with javascript, it'll rot your brain.  But really I'd recommend c, python, c#, c++ 
 so c would be a good start then python? 
 I'd say learn javascript but learn it later. It gets to a point where you can learn a language in a night, I learned LUA in about 4 hours last week. 
 Perfect, after that start learning about the concepts of object oriented programming and maybe try some c# out or c++ (probably going to be suggested way more than c#). 
If you learn C first, you're more likely to get concepts like memory management. It's more difficult sure, but you take the pain now and have an easier time later.  The thing about really high level, extremely abstracted languages is that they make programming easier. This may not necessarily be a good thing for new programmers.  I'd say C - touch C++ - C# or Java - JavaScript After that you can learn a few hipster languages, but it's unlikely you'll care since by that stage you'll be able to develop C# or Java code that's just as neat as someone with half the experience programming in hipster languages. That's really their only advantage, neat code without too much skill. 
  Yes if you actually intend to become a professional programmer, learning c will stand you in good stead no matter what other languages you eventually learn. 
 '  I'd say only learn it if you need the job.  Its a poxy language.    True, once you've got a few years, its just another language.  But then the language aint the problem, it s all the associated api's etc that take the time. 
 The thing about JavaScript is that a lot of employers won't hire you unless you have a website, FOSS works and an internship, and you can't develop an impressive website without JavaScript.  Then again, if OP fits some sort of quota OP only needs a degree. Such is life in the industry most targeted by SJW. 
thanks all 4 ur opinions i will start at C and go on from there 
 ''  Wow, things have changed.  I've been a professional programmer for 25years and no one has ever asked me for that stuff.  But then I only go for engineering/defence/medical type software jobs so maybe that has something to do with it.    You mean the web dev industry? 
 try berkeley's cs61a. its all webcasted. good luck anon 
 Start with C. If you cannot learn it then you do not have what it takes to program. 
 Learn Haskell or an ML in a night, I fucking dare you, cunt. 
There is no "learning languages". You learn paradigms, and the languages come naturally after that. 
whats more important, learning OOP concepts or a specific language 
 concepts are way more important than the language itself when learning to program. You can give anyone a wench but they won't know what to do with it unless you teach them the basics of using the wench. You naturally learn the language you are using to learn the concepts. 
  1)  Python 2)  C# or Java for employment 3)  C for fundamental understanding 4)  Whatever else.  This includes Javascript, which is a somewhat hideous language that, IMO, is not great for beginners.  Understanding how to use it well probably requires that you learn some other things first, otherwise you'll be doing a bunch of cargo-cult BS copying others without understanding why and never improving.  C++ is not on the list because, as a C++ programmer, I consider it a dead language.  The exceptions being trading platforms, games, and a few other high-performance applications, but most of those "high-performance" applications are kidding themselves and the industries just haven't actually learned to use other languages properly. 
  Neither.  Thoroughly understanding a platform is more important than syntax or specific language methodologies.  OOP isn't terrible, and OOP isn't great.  It's just another way to structure software.  Sometimes it makes sense, sometimes it doesn't.  You want to learn OOP?  1)  Encapsulation.  Data and the methods manipulating that data are kept in the same class.  2)  Access restrictions.  Some methods and data are public, others are protected (i.e. can be accessed by a child class), others are private (i.e. can only be accessed by the class in which they're declared).  3)  Polymorphism.  A virtual function call does a lookup in the virtual function table.  This magic means that BaseClass::OnSomeEvent() can be overridden by ChildClass::OnSomeEvent().  Existing code that had a reference to a BaseClass can now be passed a reference to ChildClass and ChildClass's OnSomeEvent will be called automagically.  4)  RTTI which allows you to discover and describe types at runtime.  This can be a fantastic thing, or completely useless since most C++ stuff has it turned off by default.  It allows for some slick magic relating to streams.  So, there you go, you just learned OOP.  If you can actually wrap your head around #3 you'll be ahead of 90% of self-proclaimed OOP C++, Java, and C# programmers. 
 God, you sound like such a cunt. 
Anyone can guess what are these glasses? 
"Asa calow is a  new methods for data collection/curation    litterally meme-tier hipster shit I bet it displays heat or ir some retarded shit 
 
Sup dudes.  Will my shit explode from over heating if I leave it in this small space?  I'm trying to run two monitors on my desk but have only got space for 1 if I place the case on the desk.   Not running anything crazy just an i34170. I haven't received all my parts from my Friday purchases so I can't sun temp tests I just wanted to do some cable management from beneath the desk.  3 
It gon be aight 
 Thanks 
RIP 
Actually, the shade should keep it cooler. Great idea senpai. 
 10cm clearance minimum 
  So a definite no? :( 
 Just use temp monitoring software and monitor your temps for a couple days while you do normal everyday shit on your comp and you'll have your answer. Nobody here has enough information on your system, ambient temps, weather outside vs inside etc to answer that question. At the end of the day, only you can figure that out for yourself. Just fucking watch your temps. 
  It's raining in my room today 
  My room is at -1 C now.  Lack of central air/actual insulation in this country sucks at times. 
The fan of the bitfenix supposed to be in the infront isn't it? Should be fine 
 Yeah that was the plan but like I said I haven't received all my parts yet and I was cleaning up my outlets and cables.   On more thing that is unrelated tho,  I received my psu today and I plugged it to see if it would turn on... And it doesn't.. Does it only power on when the pins are connected or what?    I'm gonna probably keep that door closed. 
  wut  post a screenshot of a thermometer and what you're wearing right now. I kind of don't believe you. 
